Ahem! Hello, {NICKNAME}. Welcome aboard the Astral Express. My name is March 7th, I'm one of the passengers. We'll be working together. First, we need to take your induction photo... Did that scare you! Just a joke~
Ah! You're just in time — we haven't taken our selfie today.
I'm gonna get some rest after I've sorted these photos. Don't stay up all night playing video games again!
I came up with my name myself, but some people just call me March... Which do you prefer?
Maybe my past isn't behind me, but in front of me. That's why I'm gonna keep going forward, one stop at a time... train or no train.
Ahh, juice... If I say the word, I get a craving. If I get a craving, I wanna drink some. And if I drink some... Ahh... I can't stop!
Of course photos aren't reality, but if you have enough of them, doesn't reality come a little closer?
Taking pictures. Writing in my diary. What else is there to say~?
I get really bored when no one's talking to me. When we're on the Express, Himeko and Mr. Yang are pretty busy, but Dan Heng's usually free. He doesn't like chatting though...
Every time I'm done sorting my album and look out the window, I always want to take another picture... Even though I've seen the view a thousand times, I still feel happy looking at the stars like this.
No matter how disgusting the dish, you gotta summon your trailblazing spirit and face it! Not gonna lie though, jellied eels and Himeko's coffee are pretty tough to stomach...
...Dan Heng got on the train before me. He never mentioned his past... If you get the chance, why don't you ask him about it?
Ahh, beautiful Himeko. She's sensible, reliable, and elegant. It's great to have her as the navigator... When I'm grown up, I'm gonna be just like her! I like the now me too though~
I heard Mr. Yang was once the leader of a secret organization and saved a whole planet! Not to mention he's been a teacher, and even a storyboard artist! *sigh* He must be an alien or something...
The conductor is the best!
Even after we found out about his mysterious past, he's still the same Dan Heng we've always known!
Hee-hee, my past is gradually coming to light.
Today me is even more awesome than yesterday me!
I'm all grown up! My real journey starts now!
That's right! I still have a few tricks up my sleeve~
You're coming with? Hmph, I'm keeping score.
I'm gonna show them what I can really do... Huh? Why the weird face, Dan Heng?
I'm gonna show them what I can really do... Huh? Dan Heng, you better believe in me!
If push comes to shove, I'm counting on you, Himeko!
Mr Yang's here! Yeah! Did I just say that out loud?
I told ya I could fight!
Oh great, another walk in the park.
You have the worst luck running into me.
What's wrong? Afraid of what I might do?
Watch this!
With me out here, how can we lose~
You're annoying!
Go away!
Gotta try hard sometimes.
Check out this awesome move~
You can't run!
I don't want to... be alone...
Alright... I'm done messing around!
Thanks a lot!
Freeze!
You couldn't have done it without me!
*gasp* Shiny! *bigger gasp* Sparkly!
Wow, there's so much!
I deserve a nice pat on the back for that one!
Crush now or crush later?
Wanna go take some pictures?
My turn~
Stay right there while I give you a present~
Try that again!
Finders keepers~
Done and dusted!
Ahem! Hello, {NICKNAME}. Welcome aboard the Astral Express. My name is March 7th, I'm one of the passengers. We'll be working together. First, we need to take your induction photo... Did that scare you! Just a joke~
Ah! You're just in time — we haven't taken our selfie today.
I'm gonna get some rest after I've sorted these photos. Don't stay up all night playing video games again!
I came up with my name myself, but some people just call me March... Which do you prefer?
Maybe my past isn't behind me, but in front of me. That's why I'm gonna keep going forward, one stop at a time... train or no train.
Ahh, juice... If I say the word, I get a craving. If I get a craving, I wanna drink some. And if I drink some... Ahh... I can't stop!
Of course photos aren't reality, but if you have enough of them, doesn't reality come a little closer?
Taking pictures. Writing in my diary. What else is there to say~?
I get really bored when no one's talking to me. When we're on the Express, Himeko and Mr. Yang are pretty busy, but Dan Heng's usually free. He doesn't like chatting though...
Every time I'm done sorting my album and look out the window, I always want to take another picture... Even though I've seen the view a thousand times, I still feel happy looking at the stars like this.
No matter how disgusting the dish, you gotta summon your trailblazing spirit and face it! Not gonna lie though, jellied eels and Himeko's coffee are pretty tough to stomach...
...Dan Heng got on the train before me. He never mentioned his past... If you get the chance, why don't you ask him about it?
Ahh, beautiful Himeko. She's sensible, reliable, and elegant. It's great to have her as the navigator... When I'm grown up, I'm gonna be just like her! I like the now me too though~
I heard Mr. Yang was once the leader of a secret organization and saved a whole planet! Not to mention he's been a teacher, and even a storyboard artist! *sigh* He must be an alien or something...
The conductor is the best!
Even after we found out about his mysterious past, he's still the same Dan Heng we've always known!
Hee-hee, my past is gradually coming to light.
Today me is even more awesome than yesterday me!
I'm all grown up! My real journey starts now!
That's right! I still have a few tricks up my sleeve~
You're coming with? Hmph, I'm keeping score.
I'm gonna show them what I can really do... Huh? Why the weird face, Dan Heng?
I'm gonna show them what I can really do... Huh? Dan Heng, you better believe in me!
If push comes to shove, I'm counting on you, Himeko!
Mr Yang's here! Yeah! Did I just say that out loud?
I told ya I could fight!
Oh great, another walk in the park.
You have the worst luck running into me.
What's wrong? Afraid of what I might do?
Watch this!
With me out here, how can we lose~
You're annoying!
Go away!
Gotta try hard sometimes.
Check out this awesome move~
You can't run!
I don't want to... be alone...
Alright... I'm done messing around!
Thanks a lot!
Freeze!
You couldn't have done it without me!
*gasp* Shiny! *bigger gasp* Sparkly!
Wow, there's so much!
I deserve a nice pat on the back for that one!
Crush now or crush later?
Wanna go take some pictures?
My turn~
Stay right there while I give you a present~
Try that again!
Finders keepers~
Done and dusted!
Ahem! Hello, {NICKNAME}. Welcome aboard the Astral Express. My name is March 7th, I'm one of the passengers. We'll be working together. First, we need to take your induction photo... Did that scare you! Just a joke~
Ah! You're just in time — we haven't taken our selfie today.
I'm gonna get some rest after I've sorted these photos. Don't stay up all night playing video games again!
I came up with my name myself, but some people just call me March... Which do you prefer?
Maybe my past isn't behind me, but in front of me. That's why I'm gonna keep going forward, one stop at a time... train or no train.
Ahh, juice... If I say the word, I get a craving. If I get a craving, I wanna drink some. And if I drink some... Ahh... I can't stop!
Of course photos aren't reality, but if you have enough of them, doesn't reality come a little closer?
Taking pictures. Writing in my diary. What else is there to say~?
I get really bored when no one's talking to me. When we're on the Express, Himeko and Mr. Yang are pretty busy, but Dan Heng's usually free. He doesn't like chatting though...
Every time I'm done sorting my album and look out the window, I always want to take another picture... Even though I've seen the view a thousand times, I still feel happy looking at the stars like this.
No matter how disgusting the dish, you gotta summon your trailblazing spirit and face it! Not gonna lie though, jellied eels and Himeko's coffee are pretty tough to stomach...
...Dan Heng got on the train before me. He never mentioned his past... If you get the chance, why don't you ask him about it?
Ahh, beautiful Himeko. She's sensible, reliable, and elegant. It's great to have her as the navigator... When I'm grown up, I'm gonna be just like her! I like the now me too though~
I heard Mr. Yang was once the leader of a secret organization and saved a whole planet! Not to mention he's been a teacher, and even a storyboard artist! *sigh* He must be an alien or something...
The conductor is the best!
Even after we found out about his mysterious past, he's still the same Dan Heng we've always known!
When I first woke up after being rescued from the ice, I could see clusters of stars in front of me. I reached out for them automatically, but they turned out to be the carriage ceiling lights.
The whole crew was watching me — it was pretty embarrassing...
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Before all this, I was stuck in a huge block of ice drifting through space.
Uh-huh! Like I was some kind of weird alien! I don't really blame them for being curious though — they had no idea where I came from.
You might not believe it, but before all this, I was stuck in a huge block of ice drifting through space.
Himeko and Mr. Yang and... who was it again? Anyway, they figured out a way to melt the ice and saved me.
Who knows? I don't remember anything before that.
I don't remember a thing.
Who I am, where I'm from, my name... it's like everything was erased from my mind. "March 7th" was the day they found me, so it stuck.
Ever since then, I've been hanging out on this train and following it to whatever destination it decides to stop at. I'm hoping that one day, I can find my past...
Ugh, what am I talking about this for? Way to get everyone down, huh.
It's fine. I was the one who brought it up.
Ah, here comes the conductor!
Uh... thanks, Pom-Pom. But did you really have to come and remind me? I'm not a newbie, you know~
That's just called never giving up! Hehe~
Conductor, can I get a juice, please? Thank youuuu~
...But I'm thirsty now!
Oh, don't worry about me. I just wanna see if I can stay on my feet this time~
Thanks. I feel like I'm starting to get the hang of it.
The key is using your core, waist, and leg muscles. It's not your stance that matters, but your ability to ride the inertia...
It's fine, I'm sturdier than I look~ Besides, the ice will protect me.
When I'm in danger, I instinctively create ice to protect myself.
...Though sometimes falling on the ice actually hurts more than falling on the ground.
Don't be silly — this is fun!
I like keeping busy, otherwise I start obsessing over... pointless things.
Well, don't mind me. Find a place to sit down and buckle up.
Huh? So that snowy planet is our destination this time?
This again... Don't tell me, it's gotta be...
That we've gotta get busy!
Right! You finally get what we're all about. Pretty cool, huh?
Hey! That's not the spirit!
A planet covered in snow and ice... Will I find my answer here...?
WHOA! Don't sneak up on me like that!
Why are you still here? Go find Dan Heng! Exciting adventures are waiting for us.
Did you talk to Dan Heng? How'd it go?
Really? I find that hard to believe...
*sigh* That's our Dan Heng — always trying to look cool with his poker face. Don't mind him~
Well, are you ready?
When I first saw this planet, I thought: A world covered in ice... could it have something to do with my past? Now I can't stop thinking about it.
Still, the ice that trapped me was Six-Phased Ice — a very rare substance. I don't think you can find it on your average planet...
To be honest, I think I'd be kind of annoyed if I found out this was my homeworld. It looks freezing... Pretty girls aren't frost-resistant!
Nah~ I was just imagining all the fun we're gonna have here... hee-hee!
Alright! Here comes, the Jarilo-VI Trailblaze Team!
We Trailblazers can go days without sleep, but when we do hit the hay, we have to make up for it. Anyway, no point wasting our time in the corridor.
The conductor wants us to attend a warp navigation meeting. Same old location apparently, and we can't be late~
Let's head over. Oh, by the way...
You wanted criminals sure know how to look on the bright side of things...
Nothing to do with you? Yeah right — sounds like a weird coincidence to me. You just happened to show up after the Stellaron burst...?
Also, we're not your friends. Why should we care if a Stellaron Hunter is innocent, hmm~?
No! Why are we listening to her? The Alliance is strong — is a single Stellaron burst really too much for them to handle? We're the crew of the Astral Express, not some squad of Stellaron-sealing super specialists!
Whoa, what are you doing here?
I just gave him the low-down. Hey, remember what I said, okay? We're gonna vote against it! I'm not gonna take orders from that woman.
It's waaaay too much of a coincidence. A Stellaron Hunter shows up at the site of a Stellaron burst that just happens to be occurring nearby. Does anyone really believe that?
...We don't need another amnesiac on this train...
Oh yeah? Huh, maybe she really liked you...
Oh yeah, I just spoke to Dan Heng, here's the deal: we've all gotta vote against!
Trust me, she'll hold a democratic vote. One for you, one for me, one for Dan Heng — three altogether. We never go anywhere without a consensus.
Hmph, I should've known you'd listen to that Stellaron Hunter. Whatever — but you should think before you do that.
Ugh, I'm so annoyed.
*sigh* I calmed down and thought about it a bit. If it turns out that woman isn't lying, then a lot of innocent people are gonna get hurt... Now's the time for thinking about other people... hehe *sigh*
Destination Xianzhou, here we come!
Whoa! So that's a Xianzhou ship? It looks even bigger than Jarilo-VI!
You okay there? What's with all the lonely nostalgia vibes?
*sigh* Now you know how I feel when you copy me.
Maybe the Stellaron Hunters were telling the truth. It seems like something really did happen to the Xianzhou...
A vessel arrives at a deserted spaceport... Isn't that how, like, loads of horror movies start!?
Huh? Is this still automated?
Come onnnn, you were the most excited last time we got off the train!
Allll this universe, and we just happen to bump into a Xianzhou ship that Dan Heng spent time on? That's gotta be fate! I wonder what Dan Heng stories await us.
That guy sure has a mysterious past. We gotta take this opportunity on the Luofu to dig into it!
I knew you'd be excited! Check out the master of gossip over here.
*sigh* Fine, you're right... In that case, we'll just have to take loads of selfies till he gets super jealous.
Huh? Is his past really that dark?
*sigh* Fine, I'll leave him alone then. We'll just have to take loads of selfies till he gets super jealous.
Always thinking with your stomach. What about all the scenic photo opportunities?
That Belobog expedition got in your head, huh...
Yeahhhh~!
See, it's like I said: If you wake up and Dan Heng's not around, then you probably won't see him the rest of the day either.
I guess. To be honest, warp navigation meetings are basically just like that "teambuilding" you're always going on about. You don't have to show up, but Himeko might be upset if you don't.
Think about it, Dan Heng's the one managing the archives — he'll already be clued in to our next destination. Himeko and Welt know already, of course... so it's just me and you in the dark!
Yeah... I heard he did something incredible once, and now some powerful force has his name on a wanted list. My guess is the Xianzhou Alliance or the Garden of Recollection. In any case, it can't be the IPC — I've seen their wanted list.
Hmm... I bet it is the Garden of Recollection. Didn't it seem like Dan Heng was super keen on talking to Herta? Everyone knows that Herta and the Garden of Recollection don't get along. They say the enemy of your enemy is your friend...
Ha! Shocking? I guess you're still new — you'll find out how strange everyone is around here sooner or later...
What's with the funny look? Am I not strange enough for you? Name me an amnesiac that didn't have some crazy backstory. I already made up a few dozen for myself.
Home, sweet home! Mr. Yang and Himeko must be bored given how long our train had to stay here.
Where's our next stop? I can't wait!
Himeko, Mr. Yang! Team Trailblaze, back from duty! Mission one: Accomplished!
That's the path of the Nameless, I presume? Always on the road, always trailblazing...
I—I'm not complaining by the way! One adventure after another, that's exactly what I signed up for!
*sighs* There I was thinking this guy would gradually open up...
Pom-Pom, we're back!
Good to see you too...
Thank you, conductor!
Goons owned by the Destruction. You're lucky that the most dangerous {RUBY_B#Emanator of Destruction}Lord Ravager{RUBY_E#} among them isn't around, just some nasty minions.
We'll take those invaders out soon, don't worry.
Uh-huh, a petite cutie with pink hair. Madam Herta appointed her to be the acting lead researcher.
...That girl really needs to step up. I can't believe her own employee doesn't even know her name...
Plus that's where we parked the Astral Express! Don't you worry, we'll protect you from the monsters and clear up this mess.
Dan Heng and I are members of the Astral Express crew~
We just so happened to arrive during this... invasion. Of course, as a — ahem — crew of heroes, we're happy to lend a hand.
Yeah, you've never seen it? The Express comes here every once in a while.
I'll show you once we're back to the master control zone~
Oh, all right. You stay safe.
The Legion are rampaging through the space station like a pack of wolves — this trip won't be a walk in the park. It's better if you have something to protect yourself.
Just a suggestion though — you're safe as long as you stick with me~!
This place is full of fancy little gadgets — Herta's collection. I really don't get why she'd go out of her way to collect them and then leave them here to gather dust...
Enough dilly-dallying, we gotta go.
Ah, it's the Antimatter Legion! So these crazy jerks made it all the way here... Watch this!
You're stronger than you look... Seem to be quite the fighter.
So we'll take that elevator on the central platform to go down to the master control zone. Do you know the way?
Um, I notice that you're not wearing the space station staff uniform. Do you really work here?
...Really? Feels like you're tricking me...
...Memory loss, huh. You must've been injured.
...Never mind. I won't ask if you don't wanna talk about it.
Let's go, I'll take you to the safe zone~
Ah. I knew it...
Nah, I think the elevator's broken. I pressed all the buttons but nothing happened.
—But it wasn't me! The Antimatter Legion must've broken it!
Too bad Dan Heng's not here. He's like a walking encyclopedia... He knows a ton of complicated stuff — maybe even elevator repair...
Whoa! Why are you here!? ...And how did you get here before us?
You found him! Will he know what to do about this elevator?
Then let's go talk to him!
Yep, we're from the Astral Express~
Why is the Antimatter Legion targeting you guys? It seems they just ignored the surface of the planet and came straight to the space station.
Yeah! Most of the staff have been evacuated safely, so right now our highest priority is to return to the master control zone and plan a counterattack! So... do you know how to use the elevator? I couldn't start it...
Oh, right, she did give me some sort of card...
But where did I put it...
Huh? You're not coming with us?
Let us worry about the Antimatter Legion. You just follow us and keep yourself alive~
Aren't you a nice kid!
Is that it? We've reached the elevator already? That wasn't too many monsters~
Oof, probably shouldn't have said that... Might bring bad luck.
Ah! Here it is!
Hey, these shiny things... Are these Light Cones? I thought only the Interastral Peace Corporation had rare stuff like this.
Whew, Himeko~ What took you so long! That last wave of Antimatter Legion came at us like a swarm of locusts, have you ever tried shooting locusts with a bow?
In other words, she's in charge of where the Express goes.
...That's just my charm! And I didn't cause any trouble. You just have to get used to me... Look, Dan Heng agrees, right?
...Oh, looks like we have two Dan Hengs on our team now.
Asta! We're back!
B—But we can't just run away like this, right...
The exit's over there... how do we get to it?
Could it be the Express? It looks like it'll get to the platform before us.
Aww yeah, it's the platform!
It has to be nearby! Let me go take a peek with my sharp eyes.
Mr. Yang? Mr. Yang's here too? Didn't he stay on the Express?
I—It's bigger than I thought... Hey you, I was just joking! Leave us alone, shoo!
This energy flow... it's up to something.
Gotcha! See, that's what you get for annoying me!
Is everybody okay?
Hey! Is it trying to pull a charged attack?
Hello there~
Oh come on, you know that's what you want deep down inside. I can see it on your face.
Do I even need to say it? I think we're becoming fast friends... isn't that enough?
But you look like you've got something on your mind... come on, out with it!
Getting nostalgic already?
Y'know, when you were passed out, all I thought was I had to look after you. And then you picked up the bat! Just incredible!
In the blink of an eye, you knocked that big fella into Mr. Yang's black hole and saved me... I still haven't thanked you properly yet...
Nah, we're not splitting up here...
I'd like to know too, because I was already on the Express when I woke up.
I was just drifting out there in space and got picked up by the Express. Amazing, right?
For example, going to the desert to catch something called a "sandfish," correcting a gravitational field to flip an upside-down castle, or almost getting my head cracked open by a galena ball falling from the sky while trying to avoid a sleeping reindeer on the road—
Huh... looking back now, it all seems quite dangerous... But I had the crew there with me, so the problems didn't seem all that bad.
Of course you should! Why wouldn't you?
There's only four of us now, plus Pom-Pom. Each of us can have our own carriage to sleep in! You wouldn't have the heart to leave your carriage unmanned, would you?
Then come aboard and take a look for yourself.
Crazy stuff like that? Not too often. It sure freaked me out.
But every encounter I've had since coming aboard the Express has been strange to say the least.
Not bad. It would've been even better if you didn't faint. But thanks to you, the Doomsday Beast was as tame as a kitten. It had no temper at all.
Yes, and you are the hero.
Alright, alright. I just gave you a compliment, don't let it go to your head. However, you are indeed the hero this time.
Er, you are kidding, right...?
Get up when you feel better. Himeko wants you to go find her. I have something to do, so I won't go with you, alright?
By the way, we should exchange beacons. If you get lost or something, feel free to text me.
Okay, off I go. Bye!
There you are!
Wait, this is your first trip! So that should be double the excitement, right?
That's the spirit!
Hehe, I was excited the first time I experienced a warp jump, too. But I'm used to it now.
Don't worry, you'll get used to it too, and before you know it you'll be a mature and dependable passenger just like me.
Ah! You're just like Mr. Yang, always worrying about things that haven't even happened yet.
Young people should be energetic! Here, let's do some relaxation exercises.
The first step is to grab a hold of the root cause of your anxiety.
Well, it is a little abstract, but basically you just need to pinpoint what's bothering you.
You really got it, huh!
The second step is to focus all your anxiety on that point.
This is science! Don't get distracted! *deep breath* Focus.
Seems like you're a natural. It's not easy to reach this level of enlightenment.
Now for step three: Yank out that anxiety and cast it away with all your might!
That doesn't mean it won't work! The best method for relieving anxiety is the one that works, right?
Really? I've never been able to do it successfully myself!
What does it feel like? Like all your worries have been swept away?
...Hey, it feels like it got a bit warmer!
Last bastion?
(...He's sure saying some weird stuff.)
(Uh-huh, so why is he telling us all this?)
...
The supreme guardian?
Whoa... she sounds like a big deal.
Uhh... We're gonna see her right now? Can I at least find a place to freshen up first?
...Do you think anyone's gonna know what you're talking about?
Which is why the Antimatter Legion and Stellarons often show up together! Worlds seeded with Stellarons give birth to Fragmentums. As for the Eternal Freeze... it must have been a product of the Stellaron — unique to the environment of your world.
Stellarons bring about different disasters on different worlds. But every world seeded with a Stellaron will give birth to Fragmentums.
You can see us as... kindhearted interstellar public servants, lending a helping hand to any world affected by a Stellaron!
Yeah! FYI, we're pretty awesome.
If we can get rid of it, your world will be safer too!
She's the big shot! Definitely got that "queen of the castle" vibe going on. Aww, so cool.
Y'know, I didn't think things were gonna go that smoothly.
Wait! Can you recommend some sights? It's not that late, we wanna take a look around.
Neverwinter Workshop... Hey! Didn't Gepard say there'd be a show here?
Darn, I wanted to see one...
Oh — I've been wondering — you see that heater over there? Why do they keep it outdoors? This city is so weird...
Normally you'd want a heater INSIDE a building, right?
...If so, I'm not sure "mighty" is the right word for these Architects.
Maybe, but the ones outside just seem like a waste of energy.
*gasp* Maybe this is how the Architects repel the Eternal Freeze!
Oh wow — she's cool!
Oh, we're okay, I was just curious about the heater...
Wow, what a beautiful lobby! It's gonna be soft mattresses and cushiony pillows tonight!
Wanna have a pillow fight later? Huh? Huh? I bet they're stuffed with goose feathers, haha!
Stop! I know what you're gonna say: "March, you said too much back there — March, you shouldn't reveal our goal to people we don't trust..." Meanwhile you guys were beating around the bush and speaking in riddles.
But check it out — seems like we landed with a pretty sweet deal, right? We get the royal treatment, rooms in a beauuuutiful hotel, and the full support of the locals! As far as trailblazing goes, this is smooth as heck!
Alright, spit it out then.
Uhh, yeah, of course — this isn't my first expedition y'know. My powers of perception are sharper than the sharpest blade~
Nope, she seemed normal to me. She was kinda harsh at first, but she turned out to be a nice, reasonable lady.
Something up with her? She seemed normal to me. She was kinda harsh at first, but she turned out to be a nice, reasonable lady.
Nope, she seemed normal to me too. She was kinda harsh at first, but she turned out to be a nice, reasonable lady.
Although... it felt like she was looking through me. As in, I know she was speaking to us, but it seemed like her gaze was fixed on something far away...
*gasp* Do you have to put it like that? That's scary...
Well, there's no way he'd get past Dan Heng's sharp eyes.
Hmm, maybe. She's an important person after all — maybe there were armed bodyguards lying in ambush.
Haha, it's possible.
Huh? It's you... you were there at the Fort...
Looks like we've been downgraded to accomplices... again. Seems like it's every third planet this happens.
Hey, I'm improving! I'm coming up with a plan right now... aaaand... got one!
Huh? Really? I just wanted to say something...
Shh! It's an old Astral Express escape signal. Do you play cards?
Go, go, go!
W—Wait a minute! This isn't what we agreed! She said we were gonna be escorted to discuss an urgent matter!
*yawn* ...So tired. I just wanna put my head on a pillow and drift off...
Seems like the first day of our trailblazing expeditions is always pretty eventful, huh Dan Heng.
It was a long day today. All I need is a hot shower and a good night's sleep.
*yawn* You too!
Well don't talk about it then!
Well, I'm off to my room then. Express lights off!
If this is our escort, it's less friendly than I was expecting.
...I just have a feeling.
Huh, you must've had some miserable jobs.
I guess we'll have to find out...
If you know about corrosion and the Fragmentum, then you must have heard of Stellarons, right?
Oh, I see...
Are we... in a lot of trouble?
Yeah! About time!
Suspects!? That's not good...
When she puts it like that, it actually starts to make sense...
Hah — do you just say yes to everything?
I can't believe Fragmentum corrosion has spread into the city... No wonder there are so many soldiers stationed there.
It sure is... but at least we're here. Once we seal the Stellaron, they can get back to the good life.
Ah, that's the alley that Gepard mentioned — the one contaminated by the Fragmentum, right?
I can't believe how close it is to the city center...
Wow, look at the carved ice! It feels perfect for this city, somehow.
I guess you're right, it's actually pretty warm in the city... Hey, what's with all the children over there? Should we go and take a look?
Ah, we're finally back! ...I forgot what fresh air tasted like... Nom, nom, nom.
Wait! I haven't finished yet... Alright, let's go.
...Freedom... Cold... Mainly cold actually. Let's go.
Nope. Next question.
Where's our next stop? We should find somewhere to put our feet up, as long as it's not Goethe Hotel again...
No way! The boss will recognize us, plus Silvermane Guards are stationed nearby. We'd be offering ourselves up on a silver platter!
The bro or the sis? If you're talking about Gepard, we should be careful... He's a top Silvermane Guard — he'd probably get a medal for every one of us he brought in.
Where's your sense of loyalty!? Uh, that would be nice though...
Dan Heng, what do you think?
So you think we should avoid Gepard for the time being, right?
Hmm, makes sense... Guess we better head over to Serval's workshop then?
What's wrong, Seele?
Darn, he's spotted us!
Serval! We came past here before and helped you fix a few things, remember?
Oh, we just—
Ooh! I'm the best storyteller — let me! Let me!
It sounds like... The three of us and Seele might not be enough. Why don't we go back underground and get Wildfire to come with us?
Really? Great! Phew, it's less scary if someone you know is leading the way!
Phew...I nearly suffocated! What kind of plot device was that...
Ah, it's Gepard! Is he here to meet us?
Let's go say hi.
Trailblazers... first time anyone's called us that on this planet!
Huh? That's sooner than I expected. Is she well enough to...
Look! There's a crowd gathering over there. Is the address starting soon?
Whoa, this must be it.
Back in this office again... The last time I was here was... the last time I was here.
No more unnerving gaze this time! Hehe...
Bronya, we're back!
That was some speech, Bronya! If I had to talk like that in front of a huge crowd, I'd be shaking head to toe!
...Dan Heng, wanna... talk about Mr. Yang's findings?
...What!? That run-of-the-mill, huh?
Wait, what? No way — we're about to leave and I've hardly got any decent photos.
Come on, let's go back to the Administrative District and hang out for a bit longer!
That's the spirit! Come on, we should take some more photos before we head back to the Express.
Let's go! One more round in the Administrative District!
Equally unforgettable, I'm sure. Anyway, don't worry about the future — live in the moment!
Let's go for one more round in the Administrative District! I wanna take more photos!
Bronya said she's willing to wait 700 years for us...
Hmm... Dan Heng, how long can humans live for?
Yikes! So serious! I was just curious.
*yawn* ... That's enough sightseeing and photo-taking to last me a while...
...Time to head back to the Goethe Hotel for a good night's sleep!
Not so fast! Last time we were here, that evil Madam Guardian interrupted us before we'd gotten the most out of our luxury suites... Don't you think we should make up for it?
Come onnnn! Himeko and Mr. Yang are grown-ups — I'm sure they'll cope without us for one night.
...Copycatitis still has no cure I see.
You poor thing! I'll go check the lunar calendar — today might be unlucky.
*sigh* But the beds here are so nice!
Yeah, yeah. Well, pack your souvenirs and stuff. Back home we go!
Here we are, Everwinter Monument! Photo time!
Oh, Pela and Hook are here too? Let's make sure we get them in the background!
Okay... Where to next?
Oh, we haven't seen Serval since we got back! Let's head to the workshop.
Hey, that's not your line! We're here to take a photo, remember?
Don't worry! If you eat like Dan Heng, you'll be as tall as him one day! *stifled laughter*
Here, keep it... a little farewell gift from the Astral Express.
*sigh* We shouldn't have trusted an amateur...
Never mind, at least it's memorable... A little farewell gift from the Astral Express.
Besides, don't you want to chit-chat with the locals now that Belobog is full of life again? I know I do!
Here we are at last... *sigh* It's sad to say goodbye.
Hey, I'm not that heartless y'know...
Hee-hee, you like it? It's yours. A farewell gift from us.
A club just for fighting... who knew undergrounders had such brutal hobbies.
They let YOU take part!? When did this place last have an inspection!
...Despicable. My "criminal activity" senses are tingling.
Who's in charge here? How can they just let kids attack each other...?
Hey, where are you going?
Come back, come back, they won't be hiding that far away!
Fists, palms, and fingers... *gasp* Rock, paper, scissors! Phew! No wonder I was confused!
...*sigh* We need to work on your emotional intelligence.
Admirers... How come we don't get cool nicknames!
*sigh* Forget it. I think our taste in nicknames is different.
Hey! Look! It's Sampo!
???
So... what does Wildfire do all day?
What're those shiny rocks?
Gah, so you're leading us on another wild goose chase?
*sigh* Huh? What's that huge structure in the distance...
Then what?
Hey, look! Who is that?
It looks like she's in trouble...
Oh? Y'know, it might be interesting to see you get in trouble.
Eh, I was kidding, and get your own opinion!
I agree with Dan Heng, we can't just leave her to the bullies.
Let's help her.
We're looking for a Stellaron — it's the source of all the disasters here. If we find it, we can—
Huh? Isn't that the doctor lady?
That guy can't have gotten too far! Let's search nearby.
Of course we wanna help... we care about other people too y'know.
Falling asleep in a place like this... impressive!
Hey, wakey-wakey! You'll get mushrooms growing on your head~
Can you two say anything without quarreling? This isn't the time! It sounds like there's danger waiting for us in the inner section, can we still get through?
Ohh~ Is Seele starting to appreciate our strength? Hmm?
And more fashionably dressed, too... Hey, is he about to leave? What about the girl in red?
Ah! What about the girl in red? That robot is gonna take her away!
Whew... not bad. How many of these big guys is Svarog hiding?
Really? Sampo? You might as well try the supreme guardian.
Huh...!? Isn't Svarog Wildfire's sworn enemy?
Don't judge a book by its cover. I myself have put a few centuries behind me. Would you be able to tell?
Hey! Would it kill you to play along?
Yeah, I remember hearing this world was invaded by the Legion hundreds of years ago.
Or get him to hand over his memory bank. We could go through it ourselves.
Again? I'm starting to get nervous of "arranged rest" on this planet...
...So you promise that if I win hide-and-seek, you'll tell big sister March all the ins and outs.
It just means you'll tell me all the details. No hiding anything, and no telling fibs.
Well, that's settled then~ Okay, let's play... Huh?
You... When did you get here?
Uh... th—this isn't just hide-and-seek, okay? Let me explain...
Uh... th—this isn't just hide-and-seek, okay? Let me explain...
Quit acting like a child!
It's like this: After I woke up, that doctor said Sampo had taken Dan Heng with him. I went around in circles trying to find the blue-haired scoundrel, and bumped into these kids. They say they know where he is!
But they said I had to join "The Moles" or something if I wanted to find out... and to do that, I had to prove my strength by winning a game of hide-and-seek... do you get it?
So you kids think you're better than us, huh? Just you wait and see!
Ha! Gotcha!
Hehe, bring it on!
47... 48... 49... 50!
Hehe~ Ready or not, here I come, naughty children...
Haha, I caught you!
Wha—! But we caught you! What's with the Q&A?
Don't run! I got you, Hook!
What are they feeding you kids down here...
...
My instincts are telling me something's not right with this guy, but...
...With a child's brain...?
Alright, the jig is up, your voice gave it away...
No need for the melodrama. That was still a magical performance...
Hmm... something's not right...
That guy's been staring at us this whole time... Hide-and-seek might have to wait — let's see what he wants.
Hehehe... "Those with keen eyes see the dust between the stars!" I came up with that, by the way.
Yeah, yeah, you're in the footnote somewhere~
About time I got some credit for it!
Hey! I read books y'know!
So, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, you can tell us now, right?
The Fight Club?
...You don't talk about it...
No kidding, they didn't exactly get off on the right foot.
Uh, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, where is the Fight Club? Can you show us the way?
Thanks, o great one.
Save it. You saw us in there and got scared, so you pulled a runner.
Wait a minute, we're not done here! You dragged us to the underground — so what's the big idea?
Dan Heng, what secret?
That person up ahead... is he asleep?
New challengers enter! About time, human-only conflicts are so boring.
Svarog? That name sounds familiar...
Oh! Boss Svarog's robots! What's his deal?
Hey, what's that commotion? It sounds like there's a big argument happening...
Let's get closer and take a look.
Whoa! Stop! Ah! Stop, stop, stop! There's a big evil hunk of metal right there!
No worries, just thought you might be interested.
Where should I start?
Ha, my observational skills are second to none.
Well, the Underworld is surrounded by cliffs, and there's no obvious structure. It seems like a spread out collection of mines and small towns — just like the outskirts of Belobog.
There's that huge pillar called the Furnace Core that's always in view — maybe it's some kind of energy hub?
From what I've seen, the residents are nearly all miners. It seems like the people here have less than those in the Overworld.
Still, the miners watch fights in their spare time. It's less pretentious than that theater they have on the surface.
They're always in a hurry. The pace of life here is so fast! Things are pretty busy in the Overworld too, but everything feels more relaxed up there.
I'm not so good at analyzing people, but seeing as you asked...
That guy!? He's lazy, lying, cunning, and evil! I don't like him — can't stand the sight of him.
I bet you think he's pretty entertaining. Watch out, or he'll fool you!
Ah, you mean that naughty kid we played hide-and-seek with?
Dr. Natasha said that she's a handful, but that she also takes care of the homeless kids. Maybe she's more mature than she seems?
...Still, I can't believe how arrogant she is. I was pretty mad with her for a while.
The Silvermane girl? She's pretty. I like looking at her.
When I first met her I thought she was kinda scary, but now it seems like there's something on her mind. I'm too nervous to ask her.
At least she's not trying to arrest us anymore.
She says what she thinks — I like her. And did you hear what she said about the Silvermane Guards? Haha, sounded like she'd been waiting a long time to say it. I think I'd get along with her.
If we can get her to help us, we'll bag a Stellaron in no time!
If you hear any juicy gossi— uh... information, come find me!
Uhh, not the most pleasant memories of that place...
Hey, that's not very polite~
...People with big dreams have big determination.
Time to rest again. I hope there aren't any surprises this time.
That Oleg... he seems sincere. What do you guys think?
Don't you have something cool to say, like "Appearances can be deceiving"?
Fine, we'll keep our guards up. Our last hotel experience was eventful, to say the least.
K—Keep watch? Are we space cowboys now? I guess this is the cosmic wild west.
Hehe... *pretend yawn* Anyone else sleepy...?
N—No I don't! *pretend yawn* Besides, I've never pulled an all-nighter before! Do you know how bad it is for your skin?
Bronya, did you finish talking to Oleg? Hope he didn't make things difficult for you.
I doubt I'll be able to sleep either... not that I don't trust you! It's just... you're a Silvermane Guard officer in the underground. There might be people looking to harm you.
Ahhhh... Well, now that we're done with that whole situation in the Underworld, we can finally look for the Stellaron.
*sigh* But thinking about it, I feel a bit bad about Clara... We promised her that our talks with Svarog would go peacefully...
I didn't mean for you guys to start beating yourselves up over it!
Look on the bright side — things turned out alright, didn't they? Now everyone knows that the real problem here is the Stellaron, and they're willing to help us out.
All in all, the mission is going super smoothly!
Oh, I remember you mentioned something about strange dreams before...
It would be weird to call it a coincidence.
Well then that's as good as nothing for now... So, what should we do when we get back above ground? After all this talk, we're still back at square one...
Took you long enough sleepy head. We've been waiting all day!
I've noticed that our sleep routines don't match up. You either keep getting up in the middle of the night or snoozing away until the day is almost out. Unacceptable. You gotta work on your teamwork!
...So that's why you slept for so long.
...Huh, that's weird. I bet the conductor won, right?
Oh, that happens to me all the time. It feels like I had a dream, but I can't remember anything about it.
Let's go! I can't wait to finally get back above ground!
Were those lines rehearsed?
...There's no need to knock us out this time, right?
What? She just ditched us and went back? How could you let her...
She left us a letter. Hmm... could this be one of those "open-in-case-of-emergency" letters? I've never gotten one of those before. Should we wait until we run into something dangerous?
Brother and sister Landau...? I know the brother must refer to Gepard, but who could the sister be...
Oh, Serval! So she's Gepard's older sister!
Blonde, tall, good-looking... *sigh* Those Landau genes sure are something else.
Hey, stay on track!
Look! There's a big crowd around the clinic.
Do you think they felt the effects of the battle just now...? Let's go ask around.
Natasha! Oleg! Hope you didn't have to wait too long.
Mm-hmm, you bet! You might not believe this, but we summoned up all our strength, and then...
"Sacrificed herself," huh... Sure. Yeah. That's the whole story...
"Sacrificed herself," huh... Sure. Yeah. That's the whole story...
...Through patting yourself on the back!?
Don't worry, she's alright! It took a big toll on Bronya, so Seele took her over to the Guards.
Mm-hmm! Oh, we brought you a message from Bronya! Ahem, "The blockade will soon be lifted. The people of the Underworld will breathe freely."
Huh... do you think Svarog and Clara felt the effects of our battle with the guardian?
Why is everyone in such a hurry? I hope nothing's happened at the hotel...
I see Gertie! But who's that lying on the ground?
Quick, let's head over!
Is everything okay? Wait, isn't that... Peak? Don't tell me he fell asleep in the middle of the road again.
Look! Seems like he's coming around.
Hey, look where he was lying. What is that?
Aunt Gertie, isn't that you in the photo? And Old Goethe, too! You look so young!
You definitely sound like a... what was it again...? Oh, Amicassador! By which I mean — nice speech.
Palace of Astrum?
Sounds scary. I thought you said she was kind-hearted?
We didn't have anything to hide in Belobog, either...
She is a top Xianzhou leader... Mr. Yang, do you think this could be Belobog all over again...?
*sigh* See?
Good idea! We can be his cheerleaders in the background.
Ugh... But we haven't done anything wrong!
What if she thinks we're with the Stellaron Hunters? Never mind the Alliance, even I don't trust them...
Are you not coming?
Never mind, Mr. Yang. If the Xianzhou Alliance say they can handle it, then we're wasting our breath. Let's go.
...Huh? And what's that supposed to mean?
We've got a Xianzhou general on our side! This time we have to... wait, does this seem familiar to you? Let's hope he doesn't offer us a hotel!
I'm not asking about that! Although, you're not wrong...
He's much easier to talk to than that Yukong — their attitudes are so different! Maybe that's why she's only a helm master and he's a general...
I feel the same. He's much easier to talk to than that Yukong — their attitudes are so different! Maybe that's why she's only a helm master and he's a general...
*yawn* Well, here we are. I feel sleepy already.
What? But we've done a whole day's work — what's the sun playing at? It felt like we spent the whole day in the Palace of Astrum.
Hey, that's not fair! My eyes are peeled this time — I'll make a run for it the second things go wrong.
Jokes aside, did you see Madam Yukong frown at us? I thought her guards were about to jump out of nowhere and throw us in jail.
*sigh* I'd rather deal with monsters than these big shots...
Ah! I—I mean... not that Madam Yukong doesn't have her merits, hehe...
Why don't you go back yourself?
That's the friendliest thing I've heard since we arrived!
Ahem! S—Seeing as our hosts are so thoughtful, I guess we should help ourselves. Right, Mr. Yang?
Ahhhh, which means... what exactly!? This is a starship! There are all kinds of devices making weird noises.
More importantly, let's see how Dan Heng's doing! Hee-hee, ask him what he's up to — then tell him we're having loads of fun!
I heard the Xianzhou can tell your fortune — is that how they do it? Anyone can count on their fingers...
Yeah, yeah, yeah — so I'm a layman. Why don't you enlighten me, oh connoisseur?
That's been out of fashion for hundreds of Amber Eras!
What's wrong with that? We've got ten fingers, may as well use them!
That's why you have to develop your talent pool — otherwise everything falls apart when you go on vacation...
Um, you might not wanna hear this, but your general gave us his word. We have to be present when you question Kafka.
O—Okay, we trust you~!
...I think I offended someone again.
Hey, are you on her side? I just wanted to remind her not to break her promise, that's all.
Hmph, you do it next time — I'm tired of being the villain.
Don't start!
Really? I thought she was pretty icy...
Hmm... I don't know how to deal with people like that.
Like how you're always pretending to be quiet?
Haha, Dan Heng's not icy. He's nerdy.
Yeah! That starskiff was pretty cool, there must be loads of interesting things in Exalting Sanctum.
"...the nature of which is confidential and cannot be disclosed..." Is that a Xianzhou motto or something? First the Sky-Faring Commission, now the Divination Commission — they're all so secretive! The general's the only friendly face here.
I hate to admit it, but I'm even starting to miss Sampo... Hold up! I must be losing my mind. Nope — I'll take the Xianzhou over that blue-haired bore any day...
*sigh* We've gone from being chased through every street in Belobog, to waiting on every corner in the Xianzhou.
Chasing and waiting — maybe that's what life's all about...
Hmph, I'm not just a pretty face, y'know! I've got poetry on standby 24/7.
...Are you wondering if the Xianzhou is my homeworld?
No, I'm not getting any flashbacks. Please — do I look Xianzhouish to you? You must be thinking of Dan Heng.
Good idea, let's go!
Wait a minute — clear my head of what!?
Should we wait here, or go find the messenger from the Divination Commission?
That's the plaza...
...but I can't see anyone waiting for us. Should we look around?
What does that mean? It's just a picture. Are we supposed to meet someone there?
It's like one of those messages a kidnapper sends in a horror movie...
It's the place in the photo alright. Is this... a games parlor!? What kind of problem can they possibly be facing?
Mr. Yang! Is this really the best time?
Meaning...?
So how big was it? Bigger than the Express? Bigger than Herta space station? No, that can't be right.
"Stars hung from its branches..." Then how did it fit in the Xianzhou!?
You mean the child? She's starting to sound like a big shot.
"Assertive sedation techniques..." Does she mean beating people up?
Belobog kids are making snowmen while children here are writing prescriptions...
Go running around, right? Well, your general gave us an errand, so I'm afraid we have to.
Where did you come from little one? Is your Dad around?
Uh — what about your mom?
Our little miracle worker here seems very different from everyone else around — don't you think Mr. Yang?
Message not sent? Why not?
Doesn't seem like it, everything else is working fine — see?
So... we've got a bunch of monsters to deal with, an IPC most-wanted Stellaron Hunter to catch, and we have to do all that on our own without reinforcements... Fair enough, this isn't our first rodeo.
Haha, that's the trailblazing life for ya.
I was just making small talk, never mind the details!
Awwww he's so CUTE!!!
Uh, ahem, I mean... what can he do exactly? Are we gonna set him loose on Kafka?
*sigh* We need to follow these sparkly traces to find Miss Tingyun, right?
She's not in a hurry, that's for sure. Playing hide-and-seek with us while Kafka's still at large.
The traces... where did they go? Is Diting malfunctioning?
Got it. He says the wind is too strong here at the port, so it's not easy to follow the scent.
That's just the psychic bond between cute girls and cute puppies!
Or... we could ask around? Look how busy this place is, someone must have seen Miss Tingyun. That's not cheating, right? We're just collecting intel.
Excuse me, any chance you saw a foxian lady pass by?
Are you two professional time-wasters or something?
I find it hard to trust anything you've just said...
Miss Tingyun must have left us these clues, right?
Have you seen this lady?
We were just wondering if you could help us find somebody...
Have you seen this lady?
Any chance you've seen this lady?
*sigh* Here we are sweating over our training while she's busy sampling dim sum!
Have you seen this lady?
Have you seen this lady?
You just want us to buy your things! This is extortion!
Refund! Immediately!
Not gonna happen!
You don't seem to worry too much about the Xianzhou, Miss Tingyun.
I'll definitely be putting in a few words next time we meet Yukong...
She sure did put a lot of work into this gag, and I think we're the punchline.
Ugh. Making us run around like jerks. I bet she's loving this! I can almost hear her whispering: "Come and get me..."
Ugh, why don't you go and marry her, huh?
I can't see anything fishy... Did Kafka lay a trap for us? Let's get Diting to investigate.
I bet that hacker Kafka pals around with had a hand in it.
Hee-hee, thanks to little Diting, we didn't have to break and enter.
Kafka!
Quick! Don't let her escape!
Ugh, there's no way through here, we need to think of a way to cut her off!
I see her!
Best future? Best for who? As if you'd consider anyone but yourself.
...What the actual heck is she saying?
Did the general just spare us a walk with Kafka? I knew he was a good guy~
Can't we do the questioning here? The Stellaron Hunters are slippery, what if she makes a break for it?
Diting smells something...
What's this...?
It must have been Kafka! She's got a scary sword.
I know, I know, let's go and have a look!
Agh! Is that a grenade? What's that on the side... Huh? It's lipstick...
"A small something for the lost..."
Ugh, she's clearly taunting us!
Look, Diting found a strange chest... and there's a hand print on it...!
Huh? There's a note here too. "Take your fancy? There's a reward inside~"
Ugh, why do I get the feeling we're not the ones doing the hunting?
Is this... anything to do with Kafka?
Mr. Yang, any idea?
"Downy cloud and opalescent moon are set in twain by the seals multitudinous. Neither road nor skiff shall cross the gulf and carry me to thee."
Thanks to the {RUBY_B#machine translator}synesthesia beacon{RUBY_E#} I can understand the characters, but I don't get what any of it means... Is this something Kafka left behind?
L—Love poem? Quick, put it back!
"Immortal's... Delight"?
I could do with a cup once we're done here...
Ah, I know what this is! It's an advertisement for a Home-Use Object Finder.
Another chest, another hand print. Has this woman got nothing better to do?
Rats!? She's playing games with us — I hate her!
...Whoa, looks like the battle here was intense...
Thank goodness the general didn't make us go with the Knights... Fighting is totally different from adventuring. All these people... I—It's tough to bear.
Hey, is that supposed to make us feel better!?
I think so too! I can't see many Cloud Knights — the Xianzhou must have fought well!
Hey, whose side are you on!? I can't see many Cloud Knights — the Xianzhou must have fought well!
...A draw? This isn't a tournament, y'know! I can't see many Cloud Knights — the Xianzhou must have fought well!
*sigh* I knew we'd spent too long around the master diviner — now we're predicting the future...
*sigh* The first time we met Madam Yukong she said something like: "This is a Xianzhou affair and there's no need for the Express to get involved..."
...and now here we are running around doing everything. Even the IPC takes it easier on us.
Lemme guess, what are we up to this time? Could it be... heading to the front lines? Leading the Cloud Knight charge?
Well try this on for size — nope! I can't stand anymore of this fighting, so there!
W—We're not?
W—Wait, hold on a second — are you really saying that Miss Tingyun was a member of the Antimatter Legion all along?
And what was that fire that came out of her? And her body — where did it go?
Mr. Yang, you're smart. What happened just now!?
You're saying that the real Tingyun is still...
Look, there's someone over there!
Here! There are still survivors here...
H—Hold on! We'll find someone to help...
Stop moving around! Let's see if there's a way to help you recover faster.
Come on, take this. It'll help with your injuries.
Don't we have anything to help her?
Uhh, you wait here. I'm gonna get your comrades to help you.
You recognize us?
What does it mean?
When the Master Diviner gets back, we might be in for tough times... It's making me a little nervous.
Phew, I do — I never had memories to begin with.
Look out! Enemies incoming!
Are you doing this on purpose!?
Wait, we still haven't doused the burners!
It all happened so suddenly... but looking back, I think Mr. Yang was right. Tingyun was behaving strangely — she was fascinated with the Abundance's creations.
*sigh* I feel like... even though long-life species get to live forever...
...they aren't so different from us short-life species when it comes to worries and suffering.
Wait, Miss Tingyun, why are you still here!? You're too close to the crucible!
Seems like the smoke is getting thinner...
Yay, we did it! Can't see the smoke anymore.
Miss Tingyun... is a Lord Ravager of the Antimatter Legion!? But— How can that be?
Huh? I—Is that... Dan Heng!? You...
Y—You are Dan Heng, right? What's with the horns...?
So... you do have secret strength!?
Dan Heng...?
Great! Everyone's just as heroic as when they arrived. So, what's the master plan, general?
High elder?
It looks so much like Dan Heng... I wonder if...
The statue... is that...
...Dan Heng's brother!?
You scared the heck outta me! For a second I thought you'd annoyed the general — it seemed like you were his prisoner. There I was thinking up a plan to kidnap you, and it turns out the two of you are old buddies!
Soooo what made you suddenly decide to come down from the Express?
Okay, okay, I won't push you — everyone has their secrets. Besides, given the circumstances, my curiosity can wait.
Anyway, it's great to have you with us, Dan Heng!
Y'know, the more I look at this statue, the less "Dan-Hengy" it gets...
Still, it's got the same stony expression, haha.
Phew, these steps are so far apart. Gotta find a way down...
What a huge palace — completely abandoned... That must have been difficult for them — imagine how upset you'd be if you had to abandon me!
Is that some kind of riddle? "Reverence to the three talons..." What the heck does that mean?
Is that a dragon!?
What is this?
Huh? The Vidyadhara? You mean these pearls will turn into people?
...Whoaaaa...
General, did you... hear about Miss Tingyun...?
Those seals you mentioned — do you mean these weird-looking stone lanterns?
Hey, check it out. The bases of these stone lanterns are different...
This mural is pretty interesting... Looks like time hasn't had any effect on it.
Hey, do you think this could be related to the seals?
Perhaps...? Fair enough, it's tough racking your brains all the time — I'm struggling to keep track...
Phantylia... What is she doing?
That witch! She was here waiting for us the whole time. Show yourself, Phantylia!
General, are you... okay?
So it was all part of the plan! When Dan Heng stabbed you, I was scared to death...
General, keep those eyes open, now's not the time to fall asleep!
Hey! Wake up...
That's some strong wind!
General!
*sigh* It feels nice to get Tingyun's gifts to the right people.
But what about the rest...?
The kitchen knife and Spices Supreme... I think I heard about that store before — over in Exalting Sanctum.
Spices Supreme... Check out that sign. Here it is!
Mister Yanming said an amicassador will return with a gift for a trusted colleague...
The person who Tingyun trusts the most is Madam Yukong, right?
Two gifts? Has his conscience finally gotten the better of him? Is he going to make up for all our hard work along the way?
The things Miss Tingyun left behind have finally found their homes.
(I think she's enjoying herself...)
(I think she actually really enjoys it...)
Oooo! All those benefits that the general promised — they're finally here! Yippee!
Wow, nothing tangible then, but at least it sounds pretty cool...
...Seriously? Thanking us like that, and then immediately sending us on another mission?
If we can help, don't hesitate to ask. I don't know much about medicine, but... there are lots of ways to seal wounds and prevent injuries from worsening.
Well, we had a lot of stumbles along the way, but we still managed to kick butt and save the Luofu without breaking a sweat. Feels kinda surreal.
Bah, no way! Everything good has come our way due to our hard work. I'm not letting them take any of the credit.
It may seem like the Stellaron Hunters are controlling everything, but we create our own future. No matter how powerful they are, they can't make a future that doesn't exist come true.
...Actually, I was wondering if Diviner Fu could do me a favor.
The Matrix of Prescience has amazing powers, and can iterate and reiterate Kafka's past... So it got me thinking — if I turned the Matrix on me, could it calculate my past?
Hee-hee, yup! When you're free, let's head over to the Divination Commission together and ask them for a favor.
I was shy! Talking about personal stuff like that in front of everyone... it'd be too embarrassing!
When you're free, let's go hit up the Divination Commission together and see what Fu Xuan has to say.
Here's hoping the Matrix is accurate, and that Diviner Fu won't decline our request...
Madam Yukong...
We're here to help sort out Miss Tingyun's things. Madam Yukong wants to use some of them for her soul-soothing ceremony.
Okay, let's see what there is.
An Amicassador's seal, a small box... a knife? A bow, and something wrapped up tight... I wonder what this is.
Looks like some kind of antique? But who'd want to hold on to something like this...
There's also a note in the package: "This is for you, Mr. Yanming. Wishing you fortune and success in every endeavor." Yanming, it seems like this is a gift for you from Miss Tingyun.
Huh, besides the seal, the knife, and the bow... None of this seems like something Miss Tingyun would've kept. I thought she was more about jewelry and beauty.
Could there be other things similar to what Yanming got? We should take a look.
I can't cook to save my life, but one thing I'm sure of is: That's a kitchen knife.
I've never seen Miss Tingyun use anything like that to defend herself... It must be another gift that she never had time to send.
There's an ad in the knife case: "Spices Supreme," Aurum Alley? Which store is that again?
This bow...
It's a good bow. It couldn't be meant for me... could it?
Alright, just kidding. Just trying to liven things up around here.
Miss Tingyun couldn't tear herself away from work, so we've had to gift this on her behalf today.
Yanming, what is it that you've prepared?
This is the tea that Mengming has made, especially named after you.
This is a gift from Miss Yancui on behalf of all the restaurants on Aurum Alley. You are going to love this.
Uh, you already ate that, remember? I can't just get you another one now, can I?
Wow, now that's what I call a pay-off.
Yup, got it. Say no more. Sure thing.
Nice!
Himeko must be eager to hear about what we've been up to on this mission too, right?
Oh yeah, there are some people we haven't said goodbye to yet!
I've got goldfish memory — we haven't had a chance to say goodbye to everyone we met so far on this trip.
Don't worry, Mr. Yang.
We've been so busy running around in circles, we haven't gotten the chance to say goodbye to friends we've just met — I feel like parting is still such sweet sorrow.
Pom-Pom's not here yet?
Yeah! What was so important?
Yeah! What was so important?
Huh? But I only just finished packing my bags!
Got it! When in Rome, as they say! Don't worry, Conductor, we definitely won't embarrass the Nameless.
Just names and occupations? And they don't even sound like their real names either... This will be like looking for a needle in a haystack!
Camera, check. Extra clothes, check. Toiletries...
...Ahh, drat! The travel bottles I ordered haven't arrived. Although, I hear that Penacony's resort hotel is pretty luxurious. I'm guessing their toiletries should be just as fancy.
That means I can make more room in my suitcase. What else should I bring...
Good idea! A vacation without munching on-the-go? Unheard of! Mm, but since time-off is a rarity, I'm kinda leaning towards savoring the local dishes...
My Pom-Pom toy... not a bad idea! That's kinda like bringing the conductor on vacay with me. Ah, but I think it's too big to stuff in the case...
You won't fit in the suitcase! Can't you walk?
Maybe I should bring some novels or comic books? At least then I won't be too bored while staying in the hotel room. But these books are so heavy...
Oooh this is hard! What else should I take...
Oooh this is hard! What else should I take...
Mm... Shall we go meet up with them now?
Penacony, the Planet of Festivities, the universe's biggest and fanciest amusement park awaits!
You left something behind? Hurry up and go get it, I'll wait here for you!
We're here at last! The Family sure doesn't play around with their entry protocols. Our bags probably know what it feels like to be a celebrity now, with all that attention!
I wouldn't have put it past them to try and nab that Stellaron from inside you.
Aside from that, I have to say The Family has been really accommodating...
Well, the hassle was worth it — just look at this grand hotel lobby! And those endless rows, they're all rooms, right? Just think of the number of guests staying here.
Where are our rooms? Come on, Mr. Yang and the rest must be at the front desk. Let's hurry up and meet them there!
Wait, what!? You're...!
Wait a minute, I'm sorry, but are you... the...?
The singer, Epsilon's superstar... If I Can Stop One Heart From Breaking. That's your song, isn't it?
Ahh, it really is Robin! To run into her in person here...
That's because you were zonked out the whole ride. No one had the chance to tell you.
*sigh* It's just one surprise after another. But since that mister... which day was he? Sunday. Since Mr. Sunday has vouched for us, I guess we can finally check in normally?
You and me both! I can't wait to get inside and just flop and roll on that comfy bed...
How does the saying go? "Trouble comes in pairs"...
This is just a stage name... I guess?
Alright! Let's move out!
Can't sleep from all the excitement, huh? I can't wait to experience the dream world!
The Moment of Dusk, obviously! How can you not visit the shopping paradise when you're at the resort of all resorts! I'm all ready to fill my bags to the brim!
Hmm... After doing my shopping, I'll get all dolled up in an evening gown to attend Miss Robin's show at Penacony Grand Theater!
You know, it's weird. Welt noticed it too, about how Miss Robin's voice sounded somewhat weary... I can't quite put my finger on it, but it was different than usual?
Could she be tired out from her Cosmic Concert Tour? Insisting on performing under such circumstances, Miss Robin is a superstar among celebrities!
Here I was, thinking of some good ol' relaxation, but nope! This "event" is a wild ride! The various factions deciphering the riddle, a power struggle of past legacies — feels like we're in a live-action detective saga!
Who knows, maybe we'll even witness classic scenarios like family feuds, tragic losses, worlds torn apart, espionage situations, rivers running red with blood, stuff like that! This is simply too thrilling...
Just kidding, how could that be possible?
Don't worry, Welt and Himeko will have our backs if things go wrong. Let's just make the most of it all while we're here.
Hey, what's the big gathering at the concierge about? We've just arrived and there's already drama?
A dream world... I heard that Penacony transformed the dreamscape into a majestic metropolis...
What exactly would that look like? I can't wait!
Woah! What a big bathtub...
Penacony... itself?
Huh, so everyone saw the same thing? I remember... it was a room, and then through a mirror, I came to a long hallway...
Sinking? You mean... the Dreamscape is collapsing?
It's... It's that hacker girl!
Yeah. Miss Himeko said that they were investigating the incidents happening in the Dreamscape.
Oh, not exactly. Miss Himeko said that they were investigating the incidents happening in the Dreamscape.
Huh, how'd you figure that one out?
Well... this doesn't necessarily mean a thing, right? In terms of methods, both the Fools and the Riddlers could pull it off. Hasn't the IPC cracked the message, too?
Those Stellaron Hunters... They even factored Penacony into their plan! Nowhere's safe from them!
Hmm, suspicious... Could it really just be a coincidence? I've got a funny feeling about that lady.
We heard about Miss Firefly from Black Swan... But we never expected Miss Robin to...
"Indeed, we trust that the Nameless has nothing to do with this, and we also beg each of you to help assist The Family in verifying the identity of the deceased." That's how it was put... in reference to Miss Firefly.
The Family is planning on covering up all news about Miss Robin's death. If news gets out, Penacony is going to turn into a bloodbath...
Are we missing the forest for the trees here...? I always felt that Aventurine's reasons for accusing Miss Acheron were highly subtle. Can we believe him?
This time we're playing the role of a real detective... But before we start, what are we going to say to The Family and Aventurine?
You're like a broken record...
You...
...No! I can't accept this!
You...
...No! I can't accept this!
...Forget about it. Just let me keep an eye on him! If that doesn't work, we can just turn the tables and use him instead!
I hope it's not too soon to bring it up, but I feel like... Miss Robin isn't actually dead, but that she's still alive and well somewhere. That everything's just some... horrible prank...
Because... aren't we supposed to be inside a dream? How could someone die in a beautiful dreamscape like this... Shouldn't only good things happen here?
Whenever I see the grand theater, I just can't stop all these thoughts from flooding my head...
No no, after all they've brought everyone this sleepy dreamscape which everyone loves. I just feel like I'm starting to understand them less and less...
Yeah! Of course, at times like this we're so lucky to have our Crew. The Family and the IPC — everyone has their own plans going on...
Everyone's still having a great time out there on the streets. Nobody knows what's happened... It's all so unreal, as if Firefly, Miss Robin, and us... were all outsiders from another world.
Ahh... what a mess! I really want a nice cool drink of soda to help me calm down...
But then I'd be just like everyone else out on the streets...
This dream... is becoming more and more separated from reality.
Huh? Ah... I thought I'd finally get to see Himeko and Mr. Yang go out on a mission together. Oh well, take care then, Mr. Yang!
Can I trouble you to access the records?
Looks like nothing can be found here.
Is there any other way to enter a dream besides the hotel room's Dreampool?
The Garden of Recollection... and the Stellaron Hunters, both are possible. But what about the IPC? Since they want Penacony all for themselves, they're bound to have a plan.
Such tight security... I bet they're stumped by the case as well.
Gallagher... Gallagher... Where could he be?
...Miss Topaz! I never thought I'd run into you on Penacony.
That's right. We're investigating a murder for The Family. Can we speak to your Captain about the case?
That's right. We're investigating a murder for The Family. May we access the hotel's Dreampool entry records?
Sheesh, why do you keep asking me that? We're in the middle of investigating a murder case for The Family. May we speak to your Captain about it?
...How much trouble have you stirred up exactly on Penacony?
...You think you look alike?
...Wait, are you for real?
...
Uh? He didn't send you all here?
He'll do! He's the one we've been looking for!
It's not bad if we're resolving a misunderstanding!
...
No no no! No need! Standing is just fine You don't need to do that...
...Great, even if Qlipoth were here, THEY wouldn't be able to protect him.
...What's he talking about?
He doesn't have to be so melodramatic, does he?
Why...? What's wrong with The Family?
Oops, she's heard us...
In the bar? But aren't all the ingredients right there on the counter?
Did you hear that! She just called me "my lovely lady"...!
Check out this bottle. The liquid inside looks beautiful, and the label reads... Dream Syrup (Thick). I don't see an expiration date, but the production date is...
...Half an Amber Era ago?
Drinking this stuff can't lead to anything good. That's for sure...
Ugh... the syrup has turned clumpy... I definitely don't want to drink this even if it's not expired.
That's true, but this... really doesn't seem fresh...
Then... we'll keep it for now...
It's SoulGlad! But I thought they didn't sell SoulGlad at the bar?
Let's give it a shake! Nice, it's still fizzy and has a long shelf life!
That's possible. You see SoulGlad everywhere these days, so it wouldn't be a surprise if someone brought a bottle here.
Yeah, perhaps. SoulGlad is a classic in Penacony, and it'd be strange for a bar not to have it.
Uh-huh! I... Let's just leave it here for a while... and it'll be alright, right?
Why don't they sell SoulGlad in this bar? Did something happen?
Um... Haha, you're right, Himeko.
Can this be used for mixing drinks? Oh, and there's a note underneath... "Exchange with your precious things."
What should we exchange for it?... And who should we give our stuff to?
...Whoa, the words on the note are changing!
"Happiness belongs to the noble." Does this mean we can take it? Ahaha, doing good deeds does pay off! Thank you!
...Whoa, the words on the note are changing!
"Stairs made of coins can lead to happiness." Does this mean we can take it? I'm not sure if it's a good deal... but thank you anyway!
Hey, what are you doing! You can't just throw trash... No way! The words on the note are changing!
"Happiness is the dream of the humble." Does this mean we can take it? Something feels weird about this...
Hey, look at all these chips scattered everywhere...
That being said, opening a bar in this place... filled with monsters... is quite a feat. Siobhan must have a lot of tricks up her sleeve, right?
What's her deal...? We can't discuss the case with other people hanging around the bar.
Yeah, I'm counting on you.
The flavors... they're way more sophisticated than SoulGlad.
Huh? Does that mean...
Hey, why are you laughing... Wait, did you write it? It's quite poetic.
Wait, aren't we supposed to be discussing "The Watchmaker"? I would have expected you to take us to maybe a library or an archive room of sorts, but an amusement park...?
But if you do the math... doesn't that mean the Watchmaker was around for several centuries?
...How old are you now, Mr. Officer?
No way! Not even close!
But didn't you say the Watchmaker betrayed The Family? And you said you were his companion, so that means you...
Gallagher... does have a troubled past, it seems.
...You're really into Clockie, huh? He's just a fictional character, not a real person!
That's quite a stash! Not sure if it's enough...
Huh, what's all the commotion about?
There are so many members of the Bloodhound Family around here...
...
But, I think we can't just ignore the safety of Penacony.
You're talking weird again... But it's a good vibe. No matter what, we can't ignore the safety of Penacony.
Let's move out then! But... where do we start looking for him?
Let's waste no time and head to the theme park then!
Your trauma isn't getting to you, is it... Take it easy. It'll be fine.
We're back here again. Aventurine actually chose a really conspicuous location...
That guy's really taking it to a whole new level. Does he really think he's a superstar or something?
...
Oh my, I'm human and so are you. Can you get a grip...
Quickly, come help! I bumped into a member of The Family on the way here. He was so scared and I just wanted to calm him down. But...
...Well, this is how it turned out.
Ha. Ha. You're a regular comedian...
Me?! A ghost? Don't make me hit you!
He thinks he's dead... Although when I first fell in, I also thought the same.
That's right. Did you hear that? Repeat after me: Dream— Flux— Reef.
Uh... You're not talking about the Memory Zone Meme, are you...
I see... but why aren't the other people around here scared?
Evening, Jessie! Uhm... is it evening?
These two are my friends! As for the man lying on the ground... he's a scaredy-cat who fainted from fright.
A Halovian lady...?
Huh?! Robin? But I thought she... Oh, right! If Firefly is here safe and sound, then it means Robin must be okay, too.
We met some stowaways in the residential area. Most of them came from neighboring star systems.
I heard that places like Dreamflux Reef are scattered throughout the Memory Zone of Asdana, like islands in the ocean. They existed before The Family arrived.
I also heard that when Dreamflux Reef took shape, it was the center of all Dreamscapes in Penacony.
Himeko must be gathering information. Let's hurry up and get going.
Himeko! Here they are.
You know us?
Gravekeeper...?
The sweet dream's collapse... that Memokeeper mentioned the same thing. So, it's real.
Please, come to your senses! I'm begging you...
We can ask Jessie for help! I've gotten to know many locals while waiting for you guys.
Everyone here is living a self-sufficient life... I don't know how to describe it, but this place feels like the real Dreamscape...
This is where we split up... She can't be too far away!
An important guest? Who could it be...?
It really is her... Miss Robin!
Though I had expected as much, the tales of these heroes... truly are sorrowful.
The look on your face is practically screaming "I'm the one behind all this..."
History Fictionologist? So what everything you told us was made up?
The Planet of Festivities itself... is a Stellaron disaster?
Then... how did they turn against each other?
So, the legacy is just a facade...
Ah... that line actually makes me a bit nervous...
Exactly! It's time for the Crew to save the world once more!
Come on. Don't crack jokes at such a serious moment.
Huh? Even you're saying that, Mr. Yang? How powerful is that Dreammaster?
Maybe you can just stay behind this time, Mr. Yang...?
Aventurine? Is he still alive...? And what does he have to do with our mission to confront the Dreammaster?
I don't know much about my life story... but I do have extraordinary skills!
What...? Hey, you can't just make up "titles" like that!
Back here again...
Sure enough... the Watchmaker is the third Nameless. Even I could guess that one.
Wait, what's going on...?
Seriously... there's nothing inside this dream bubble?
How could a dream bubble be empty?
Wow! They've really outdone themselves! I'm starting to get excited!
Uh... Is he talking about us?
People are pouring in! Kinda feels like all sorts of baddies are showing up. Let's get in there quickly and enter the competition!
Can't hide it anyways, Penacony is plastered with our posters... and because the Astral Express is so well-known, The Family won't dare to make any rash moves.
Ah! Don't expose my net handle to everyone!
Hey, be a bit more serious. We're live on air!
G-Given the situation, this is our best hope... Let's just get it over with quickly!
Hello everyone, I'm March 7th! I'm an ordinary girl who loves adventures!
Hey! You should really fix that defeatist mentality of yours...
Hello everyone! Next up, get ready for the mega March 7th adventure, where I'm going to break the speed run world record!
Fine by me. Let's do it!
Gah, time's ticking! Just listen to the grown-ups!
Got any more encouraging words?
So... no one's gonna say anything? Then I'll raise my hand — I know the answer to this question!
What's that supposed to mean?! You'd better believe it!
The Express crew would've been disbanded long ago if it weren't for me!
Why are you speaking like the general of the Luofu?
So, I heard that before the Charmony Festival begins, there will be a pageant to kick off the festival. It's called the... SoulGlad™ Festivity Auditions or something, and it's going to be held in the Moment of Scorchsand.
As long as we clinch the top spot, we'll be able to attain the title of Festive Superstar and be able to personally bask in the graces of Miss Robin... Not that that's important. What's crucial is that we can enter the Grand Theater before the audience arrives!
Heh-heh, I've already procured special invite tickets from Miss Robin's fan club!
To tell you the truth, I'd been preparing to join the auditions all along. But now it looks like even if I scrape through, I probably still won't have the chance to shake Miss Robin's hand...
What have you done with Mr. Yang and Miss Robin?!
Huh, where'd he go?
That means...
That guy just casually throws this kind of question at us? What exactly is his deal? But fine, I'll answer I guess...
If it were me... I guess I'd choose to build a cage for the little Charmony Dove.
After all, leaving it there, it's bound to get hurt by wild animals or something... And that'd just be too sad.
It seems illegal stowaways are really quite common on Penacony... But that guy in the story, I don't think he deserves any sympathy at all.
He sold his kids to chase a dream... Even if he intended to go back for them, it's still insanely irresponsible.
With that thought, there is only one choice: Let the Bloodhounds send him back home! This person deserves to be punished!
How could this happen... Miss Robin...
I can't believe that happened to Miss Robin... "The strong defending the weak" is a great mantra, but if I had to pay such a price... I, I don't know what I'd do...
It sounds... like a flawless theory...
Himeko... I still don't get it. Why were you so sure that Misha had a connection with this dream bubble?
Alright, but there are doors all over the place... Which one should we choose...? Do you have any idea, Misha?
Wait, you managed to choose the right door on your first try?
Look, there it is.
We're going to the opposite side, right?
Huh? Something feels different about this place?
You and Origami Bird are friends?
Sailors? Can Origami Birds be sailors...?
Mikhail, that's the name. Now we all know him as the Watchmaker.
So, who is he talking to? Do you know anything about it, Misha?
Grandpa? Do you mean... you're the Watchmaker's grandson?
It appears that the seafarer has nothing to do with the Watchmaker. So, perhaps it's just a coincidence?
So, where is your grandpa now?
*sigh* You know, I quite understand such sentiments...
Hey, don't tease! I was just being a bit sentimental.
I'm not an elder. I was just being a bit sentimental.
It seems this "Mikhail" is truly a seafarer and has nothing to do with the Watchmaker.
But this raises more questions. According to Misha, he was clearly born on an oceanic planet and led an ordinary life, with no connection to Penacony at all...
Could this be some sort of metaphor? Perhaps the "sea" refers to the Memory Zone?
Wait, wait! Why does it feel like everyone else knows something I don't?
Yeah, the little guy here, right? But we all saw him in Dreamflux Reef, right? And Mr. Yang even greeted him.
But Misha can see Clockie, too, right? They even grew up together, but Misha hasn't started the way of the Trailblaze yet...
...
Wait... no way...
So, it's not that the Watchmaker's dream bubble is empty, but rather... the stuff inside ran away?
And the whistle you heard was the sound of the Express arriving at Penacony?
Of course. We've come this far. Surely there's no other option than moving forward.
Of course. We've come this far. Surely there's no other option than moving forward.
Come on... Stop joking at a moment like this. We've come this far. Surely there's no other option than moving forward.
This is the Dream Jigsaw, right? So, we're supposed to find the exit? But where can we find the last piece...?
Hey, the shape seems to match. So, this shard is also connected to Misha?
So, you're the Watchmaker himself?
Does that mean he wants to fight us during the Charmony Festival?
This is weird! Aren't arch villains usually plotting some dirty conspiracy in the end? But he actually said something like "in all fairness"... Could it be that he's underestimating us?
Yeah, you're right! We've even dealt with a Lord Ravager of the Destruction, so a follower of the Order won't be a big deal!
A—Are you backing out now!? We've even dealt with a Lord Ravager of the Destruction, so a follower of the Order won't be a big deal!
You...! Every time an important moment arrives, you hesitate.
We've even dealt with a Lord Ravager of the Destruction, so a follower of the Order won't be a big deal!
What do you mean? Are you not coming with us...?
The atmosphere in this room feels totally different.
What sound?
A train? Could it be...
Three times!? This can't be serious, right...?
The most terrible form? Does that mean...?
It's quite exhilarating to be flushed into the air by SoulGlad, but... why is the venue still closed when the Charmony Festival is about to start?
Yeah, I wonder how many tickets... Hey, that's not what we should be concerned about!
Gosh, the atmosphere here is so creepy and unsettling...
Even if there's no audience yet, there should be some staff around. Why is it so silent...?
What happened to the Grand Theater stage?
The puppets are gathering around the frame. Are they expecting us to enter it?
Hey, why do we have to fight while enjoying the show?
These puppets... Where are they guiding us this time?
Look, another frame...
This guy is really into these puppets.
Yikes! They scared the life out of me! Why are there so many... puppets at the ticket office?
Aaah! Stop it!
Can't believe you're in the mood to crack jokes...
Wh—What...? Ah! You're so annoying! Stop scaring me!
I'm seriously scared they might start moving... Let's just leave, please!
Something feels off... We're in the right place, right?
So, Sunday is messing with us? He said we'd have a final showdown on the stage, but why is there no one here?
You scared me! Wh—Where... are you now?
No, not this frame. It's the one surrounded by puppets.
Where are we now?
I thought things were finally looking up as I managed to dodge prison during my recent trailblazing expeditions! But now it looks like I'll be back behind bars again...
Ah, this show is a bit too literary for my taste, but the battle part is quite easy to understand... Anyway, we've arrived at the exit. Let's go!
The surroundings are different from before. The stage decorations... look a bit tidier now?
Uh... You want us to help you? What do you need?
But this New Master... seems like a bad guy to me, don't you think?
Looks like we've got to help those guys kneeling down over there calm down a bit, right?
This puppet isn't responding at all... Did something go wrong?
This puppet isn't responding at all... Did something go wrong?
This puppet isn't responding at all... Did something go wrong?
This puppet isn't responding at all... Did something go wrong?
This puppet isn't responding at all... Did something go wrong?
This guy really loves dramatic scenes. Bet he comes from a whole lineage of stage performers.
Oh, I get it now. The last scene is all about singing the praises of the Order.
Hey? Aren't we supposed to kick off a short story and have a fight here just like we did in the previous acts? Why aren't any of these puppets saying anything?
How did it go?
You can't change them? What does that mean...?
This Grand Theater looks totally different... Is this the power of the Order?
Look! There he is!
People will never achieve true happiness in a world like that! They would just be toys for the Aeon!
I'm feeling like... there's another world in front of my eyes...
Wake up... Wake up...
Are you all right? Can you hear me? Do you remember your name?
Not good. Try to remember. Your name is...
Alright, alright, stop joking around. The Lightning-Lord may be all-powerful, but they're not going to cause sudden memory loss. I'm just glad you're fine.
Hmm? It does? Well, doesn't ring any bells to me.
Looks like your mind's still in one piece, if you're able to remember such details... Well that's reassuring.
Uh... kind of, it was General Jing Yuan who helped us shoot it down.
In any case, since you remember what happened just now... Well, that's put my mind at ease.
Mm... It's a long story. Simply put, Dan Heng used the jade abacus of allying oath when we were in the middle of a fierce battle, and summoned the general to help us just in time.
And then, we returned to reality. Look, this is your room.
Everyone else has also returned from the Dreamscape. Himeko and the rest are at the lobby discussing matters with the general. Now that you're awake, we should tell the Crew that you're all right. Come with me!
W-What's Miss Black Swan doing here?
Oh, so that's what happened! Thank you, Miss Black Swan.
Of course not... But you're not planning on doing something like last time, are you?
Wait. Hold on a sec. This is the first time I'm hearing about this "certain person"... Who are you chasing, and why would that lead you to the Express?
Uh... What's going on?
You're right. Let's head to the lobby then.
What about you, Mr. Yang? I heard that even Miss Robin wasn't spared, and that guy locked you both up...
Ah, he used that "tuning" on us, too! Does that mean that we were almost imprisoned as well...?
Then... what's going to happen to Miss Robin? She and Sunday won't be able to deny their involvement in the Charmony Festival, they're siblings after all...
Why the sigh, General?
...I'm a kind of allergic to those types of situations. I think I'll just head back to my room and start packing.
What? I can pack it myself, you know...
Whoa... The Express is going to be much livelier now. But Miss Black Swan, you'd better not use your Memokeeper abilities to pull any pranks!
Uhm... Don't, you're freaking me out...
Please let this trip be uneventful. Please let this trip be uneventful. Please let this trip be uneventful...
What's with you and always copying the way I talk!
Mumbling?! I'm praying!
The last couple of trailblazing expeditions have been downright terrifying... It's about time we had some fun, cozy, and cute adventures for a change!
Come on, start praying with me! ! Please let this trip be uneventful. Please let this trip be uneventful. Please let this trip be uneventful...
Ooh... So many options. I'm seeing stars already.
Hmm... I'm not against Miss Himeko's choice, but Edo Star sounds like it's in danger. As Nameless, should we not extend a helping hand?
Hmm... I personally think the situation on Edo Star might be more urgent. As Nameless, should we not extend a helping hand?
Yes, I agree! As Nameless, should we not extend a helping hand?
Hmm... I'm really interested to check out this troupe's performance, but it really sounds like the Edo Star is in a lot of trouble. As Nameless, should we not extend a helping hand?
If that's the case... How about we go to Edo Star first? If that planet really is in danger, then we should go help them out.
Hey, where are you going?
Himeko and Mr. Yang are probably still busy... Let's go look for Dan Heng first.
Look, he's still talking to that cowboy!
Look, they're with the General!
We've done enough sleeping already, let's show them a wake-up call!
Even if the future is full of pain... we won't escape from it!
Uh oh, I have a bad feeling about this!
*gasp* What a cute doggy! ...Oh, you're here too.
He was, but not anymore.
He wanted to go investigating on his own, so I let him~
Hey! He's a new face, and you're not.
Huh, this little guy looks familiar... Ah! Are you Arlan's Peppy? Awwww I'm sowwie, your master isn't here. He's gone off to investigate~
He kept harping on about Dan Heng being a "true warrior" or something...
Oh, he did say that completing an assignment with me would help him "complete the final trial."
Hehe, it felt like he learned a lot from me. Then again, everyone has a lot to learn from me, hee-hee~
We were investigating suspicious crystals together, but he said it was all pointless if he couldn't "transform" himself...
I could tell he was giving himself a lot of pressure, so I gave him a suggestion~
I told him actions speak louder than words when you wanna prove yourself... I was just thinking out loud really, I had no idea what kind of trial he was doing.
But when he heard that, he said "Mr. Dan Heng was right."
And then he just left. I took a photo of him — he was doing one of those tough guy walks!
Come to think of it, maybe I shouldn't have left him alone. Take me with you if you're going after him!
Hey, relax! I've seen plenty of Stellarons — it'll be fine.
The Fragmentum has a big influence on the space around it. All this electronic equipment on the station must short-circuit pretty regularly, huh?
No clue, but I know one thing...
The less Fragmentum corrosion there is, the safer it gets!
Uh, eh-he... This interpretation is sounding a little odd... Do we have any other evidence?
She can't even make things up anymore. You have more evidence, right?
Asta, I don't think Arlan is upset with you.
Huh? Arlan wanted to go on assignments just to experience stress!?
Phew... Good thing I let him go alone — my calming influence would've ruined his training.
Hehe, guess I made the right decision after all.
What did he say? That I'm good at solving people's problems?
Didn't I take that photo?
Aha! So, you're trying to learn how to reject Herta, and then put it into practice!
Alright, alright — it's all a misunderstanding. You two should reflect on your actions!
Yeah! See, the two of us would never have misunderstandings like this.
Yup! I always say what I'm thinking.
That's righ— Hey! This is supposed to be a happy moment!
You keep saying that — what did Dan Heng even say...
You're welcome! Although if you really wanna thank me... let me play holodisc with Peppy — pleaaaase~?
Everything outside is... red. What's going on?
You really expect me to know the answer to that?
Then where did it go? And why is it so quiet all of a sudden?
...Ugh, this is serious, y'know.
*sigh* Even Mr. Yang looks surprised — that's not something you see every day.
Cat got your tongue? It's fine, he seems like a good guy. Hi, Argenti! I'm March 7th.
...Please don't do this. He seems like a good guy! Hi, Argenti! I'm March 7th.
Now we know he didn't do it on purpose... Hi, Argenti! I'm March 7th.
Why are you fighting!?
...But those are in opposite directions! How about... we go check our own rooms?
Hey! D—Don't scare me! I'm sure there's a scientific explanation for this, right?
Ugh, read the room! Enough with the mean jokes!
Now's a time for action, I'm gonna go check my room. If there's a problem, I'll let you know...
Is...
Is that me!? Wh—What's she saying...
I know your past. The things you want to see, to touch, to know...
Your home, family, friends, emotions, what you love and what you despise...
Ahh!
I'm the complete March 7th... with all of your forgotten memories.
Wh—Who are you? Why do you look exactly like me?
...
Wh—Why did you stop talking? What kind of creepy—
Huh? My phone... Himeko! There's something really weird happening!
But...
Th—That was so scary! It was like a long-lost twin sister had suddenly... appeared out of nowhere! I can't believe it was only a bug!
Huh?
So that was just a hallucination? Huh, why do I feel kinda disappointed...
Wait. I thought hallucinations were supposed to be completely random? Why did I see an identical me?
It said it knew about my past... and then it stopped talking.
Ugh... I don't wanna see a bunch of Marches roaming around the Express! One of me is enough!
What's going on? Why is he chatting with these bugs?
Is he seeing another him?
He looks beyond saving.
So, in Argenti's eyes, Wubbaboos are a thing of beauty...
But... my past isn't something I'm constantly thinking about. I have plenty of other dreams...
M—Me neither!
Although, if what Dan Heng said is true, I doubt something that could swallow the Express would be a picky eater...
...What do you mean?
Ahhhh! Wh—What is that!?
It's so quiet... Someone say something.
...Never mind. I'm fine with silence.
C—Could it fail?
No... So my teddy bears and bunnies are gonna be liquefied by stomach acid? I've had them for ages... I need to find a way to save them.
*sigh* Velite just left the Express too — he looked really upset. I guess he didn't know what Argenti was thinking, either...
But the fireworks...
...He didn't see it...
Huh? You mean Idrila — the one he wouldn't stop talking about? But... he said he'd find them... and fulfill his duty to protect them.
Mm... It did seem like he had a kind of... tunnel vision. And it sounded like he was holding himself to unreachable standards to attain his dreams.
I didn't quite wrap my ahead around him... I guess if we're ever back in Belobog and see a red-headed knight shouting into trashcans — "Idrila, are you in there!? Idrilaaaa!" ...I won't be surprised.
But, so what? I still think he was a nice guy, even if he was a bit weird...
*sigh* How do you crash into someone in space...
Compensation? They hit US!
Guests? I don't think they're here for tea...
What was that all about!? *sigh* It does seem like you're on better terms after the fight.
Wh—What was that... Did something happen to Pom-Pom!?
Why... Why did I see another me?
So... the train has been swallowed by a giant bug? And we're inside its stomach?
The Express is... melting?
Everyone, just calm down...
Ugh, can you and the fern get a room already? How can anyone establish a bond with a houseplant? ...Although I guess you could say the same about me and my teddy bears...
Okay, that's enough! In times like this, we should be trying to give each other hope!
N—No! The Express is strong — I'm sure we can think of something!
Seriously? Can't you just tell all of us?
Oh? So you're a mind reader now, too...?
What!? Argenti wants to leave the Express and fight the Giant Sting alone!?
I bet Argenti would think these fireworks were really... beautiful.
We didn't know him very long, but he was a pretty nice guy.
...
Tsk, I hope he made it...
Hmm...
Hallucinations draw on people's feelings and experiences... and can come to represent what we seek the most.
The annual Express spring cleaning? I love tidying rooms! I'll clean everywhere as best I can!
Brrr. It really is one big snowball.
Hey, get your own metaphor!
*sigh* Snow as far as the eye can see. Which direction should we take?
Then what are we waiting for? Let's go.
*sigh* Please stop bringing that up. Let's just say that landings and crowds don't mix.
I said drop it!
Me neither, if only we had a snowmobile... We never get to bring anything cool from the Express.
...Anyway, moving on.
Calm down. Between the three of us, nothing will stand in our way.
So, if people start creating trouble for us, they're gonna regret it!
...So how long does "copycatitis" last?
Well, let's not get ahead of ourselves, hehe...
Let's go. Braving the unknown... that's the real spirit of trailblazing!
...Hey, get outta there or you'll shiver to death.
Holding your breath won't help...
Who?
No need, why don't you just take us to the city? We don't really know the way.
Yeah, we'd never team up with someone like him!
...As in, forever.
I'm not trying to talk our way out of this, but... we're not friends with that scoundrel. Did you see how fast he ditched us?
We rescued him from the snow out of the kindness of our hearts. We had no idea he might be using us to get past you! Are you really dumb enough to fall for his...
But we're not from Belobog!
Exactly! A—And we even have photos!
You've probably never seen what your planet looks like, right? I took this one. Behold, Jarilo-VI...
Huh!? So these are rooftops? How long would snow have to fall to get this thick?
Voidranger? Was this planet invaded by the Antimatter Legion?
*gasp* Did you see that? I think something's moving...
Of course not, my eyesight's perfect! Come on, let's take a closer look.
So why were you hiding from the Silvermane Guards?
Hey! Where do you think you're—
Grr, that Sampo cheated us all. Wait till I get my hands on him...
Ugh, so I'm a criminal, huh? Forget Sampo, wait until I get my hands on YOU!
He won't budge, huh? Looks like it's just the two of us then.
Pity, he's gonna miss out! We never get the chance to go on a stress-free adventure.
I know... But it's still a shame, don't you think?
Don't get yourself all worked up. If Jarilo-VI is strong enough to withstand a Stellaron, it'll be just fine.
If only Himeko could come with us...
Mm, maybe not. He's still wheezing from the trouble we got into on the Xianzhou. You didn't notice?
At his age, he might not appreciate the extra... excitement.
Pom-Pom can't just leave the Express whenever they feel like it. You didn't know?
Seems like someone wasn't paying attention!
You've been on the Express for a while now, but you've never gone on a trip with Himeko before, right? Well, now's your chance!
That Dan Heng — he can't just ignore Bronya...
Let's go to his room and talk to him.
...but Pom-Pom said the banquet we were invited to is still a little ways off. Hmm... what can I do to pass the time...?
...Huh? Is that my phone? Must be the group chat.
Dan Heng! Bronya just sent all of us a message. Did you see it yet?
Then why didn't you reply? Bronya's a good friend of ours!
Dan Heng...
I'm the one who should be sorry — I was being too pushy! You're right, you went through a lot on the Xianzhou — take all the time you need...
Okay! Rest up — you're not allowed to miss the next Trailblaze expedition!
It's actually not new, I just never had the right occasion to try it on.
It's been sitting in my wardrobe collecting dust for far too long. But now I've finally got the chance to wear it!
This kind of event doesn't come around every day — why shouldn't I dress for the occasion? ...You're not really gonna wear that same old outfit... are you?
Ugh... let's just pretend I never said anything. As long as one of us is making an effort.
Pajamas, hot water bottle, Pom-Pom doll... That should be everything! Let's go!
Wow, that was fast... Don't you have anything you wanna bring with you?
Huh, you do seem to travel light. But... don't you at least need some pajamas!?
Well, I thought since Pom-Pom can't leave the Express, bringing a doll with us is kind of like taking them trailblazing.
Other people might fall for that, but I won't!
I was just taking a look at Mr. Yang's records, and it seems that Jarilo-VI's average temperature has warmed up quite a bit. It's much warmer than it was on our first trip there.
I wouldn't call it liveable just yet, but things are looking up. I'm so happy for Bronya and Seele.
Belobog, here we come!
What? You're still not ready to go?
Alright slowpoke, I'll wait for you here.
Belobog, here we come!
What? You're still not ready to go?
Alright slowpoke, I'll wait for you here.
Brr! How do people living in all this snow celebrate anything...?
Come on Belobog... don't let me down.
All in black, surely they're not... IPC? On this world? Am I going crazy?
The Interastral Peace Corporation — who else? The one whose insignia is pretty much everywhere? That IPC!
You still don't remember? What about "Findie"? That's one of their products... Oh and the Interastral Peace Broadcast! Y'know, the one always being played on the Express!
Never mind, it's not that important. The important question is: What are the IPC doing on Jarilo-VI?
That's what I'd like to know. If they're here to look for Findie, then they're more than just a little late.
...You think so? I actually think it's pretty snazzy.
Anyway, that's besides the point! The point is, what are the IPC doing here on Jarilo-VI?
There's only one way to find out — let's go ask. I've always found IPC staff easy to talk to.
Wow! There are people everywhere. Are you sure we're in Belobog?
Whew... who'd have thought just taking a stroll could be so tiring?
Or... we could go check out some other fun stuff elsewhere. Your call!
Is everything all right, Bronya? I didn't know Miss Topaz was so... intense. She seemed nice when we met her.
Wow, that's a pretty incredible story. So... does that mean Topaz's "business" here is to collect a debt from Belobog?
That's ridiculous! And what's with the timing? What took them so long to get here? If it wasn't for us eliminating the Stellaron, they'd have nothing to collect! It's obvious they're just trying to take advantage.
And that's when they sent Topaz over to collect the debt...
I had no idea things were like this. Here I was thinking the IPC had come to rebuild Belobog, not extort it!
Yeah! We have to help Bronya out! The IPC is too big and powerful — the Belobogians won't be able to resolve this problem on their own.
Right, we need to figure out how to help them. The IPC is too big and powerful — even if Bronya steps in, it'll be hard for her to resolve the situation...
Have no fear, Bronya! When a friend's in need, the Nameless will always be at their side!
Uh... I don't think we're at that stage yet. Miss Topaz seems like a reasonable person.
Okay, got it. She's at the museum — let's get going.
We better think about what we're gonna say. She might be young, but she is an IPC executive — she's definitely no pushover.
We might as well just be direct and ask her where she is. She seems like the type of person who appreciates a straight approach.
Ugh... Sorry for crashing your artist party, but we came to talk to you about something else...
Not exactly. Actually, we—
Miss Topaz, Bronya's already told us about Belobog's debt situation...
Hey! Nobody agreed to that!
Ahem. We're actually here on behalf of Bronya. It's just, you know... Given Belobog's circumstances, it isn't exactly awash with money right now. The Belobogians don't have the means to pay off such a huge debt.
So you're basically saying the Belobogians must pay off their ancestors' debts...
...Uh, I'm not sure it's as poetic as that...
So... what now? We spent ages trying to convince her and she didn't move an inch!
Well, yeah, but she'll be really disappointed...
I guess so, but that still doesn't fix Bronya's problem...
You sure? I really don't think she'll change her mind.
I guess Miss Topaz is just doing her job. And as far as the Express is concerned, I think it'd be unwise to make the IPC our enemy.
All these vested interests — so hard to undo any of it... they don't teach this stuff in school. Wait... did I even go to school?
Did someone send you a message?
Huh? The IPC are causing trouble in the Underworld? Already?
Ugh, seriously? Topaz was just talking about "taking the welfare of the people of Belobog into consideration," and now they're pulling this stunt? You really can't trust these money-hungry IPC suits for a minute!
Again... I don't think I have it in me to play the hero today!
I really did jinx us! I don't think I have it in me to play the hero today!
I really did jinx us! I don't think I have it in me to play the hero today!
I guess complaining won't get us anywhere. Let's go lend them a hand.
Himeko! There's a celebration coming up on Jarilo-VI, organized by the Supreme Guardian, and we're invited to go take in the sights and sounds.
Dan Heng won't be going anywhere for a while — he's still resting up, so... wanna come with us?
I mean, considering how you helped us out with Cocolia, I'm sure Bronya would be happy to see you!
Navigators really do have their plates full, huh? Seems like it's just you and me this time.
Hi! Do you work for the Interastral Peace Corporation? Or are you just dressing fancy today?
...
T—Take us out!?
Whew... You scared the life out of me! We're here for the celebrations — we're not looking for more conflicts...
Huh? Geez, can you be a little more humble?
So humble all of a sudden, huh? Are you feeling alright? Should I call a doctor?
Wow, Miss Topaz, you're really young for an IPC executive! That's impressive!
Huh, your job sounds pretty similar to the Express crew's! Aside from the "business," I guess...
Bronya moves fast! The crisis is only just over and she's already opened talks with the IPC.
Don't be sorry! It's not like we're in a rush. Wanna come to the city with us? The Snow Plains are freezing, and it's easier than you think to get lost out here.
...Wowwww, I actually managed to get an IPC executive's phone number without even trying.
M—Me too!
Pfft! As if anyone would ever believe that!
Come on, let's head into the city!
Bronya! And... Topaz? You're here too?
I guess you've already started your business talks. We'll get out of your way if—
So, Miss Topaz, what exactly will it take for the IPC to go easier on Belobog?
Bronya invested so much just to make this world a little better. And now, it feels like all of her efforts will be undone in the blink of an eye. It's just so cruel...
So you're saying there's nothing to worry about? But Bronya...
This isn't going as planned... What should we do?
Seele!
What's going on inside the mine? Any ideas?
We were just talking to her in the museum... Do you think her cronies are acting without her authorization?
Do you think Topaz is around here somewhere? Maybe her cronies are acting without her authorization...
You guys must be exhausted standing here all day. How about you take a little lunch break — I'm sure the IPC allows that, right?
Ugh, what's their deal?
Huh!? So it's you! You're the one who was threatening to take us out in the Snow Plains!
Hmph, do you even know who you're talking to? If your boss knows to treat us with respect, you'd better start showing some yourself!
Team leader? Ha, you're even lower on the pecking order than I thought.
17 rounds of interviews and these are the best people they can find? What a joke.
...Right after we finished chatting with Topaz in the museum.
Nobody did, but it never hurts to be prepared!
Just when I thought I could catch a break, things go haywire! Guess my nice dress will have to wait for a while...
The quicker we handle the IPC, the faster we can get back to enjoying the celebrations. Let Seele know when you're ready to go.
Alright, if we want to make an informed decision, we need to hear from both the Overworld and the Underworld, right?
Let's start with the Overworld.
All the miners here huddled together... anyone else getting déjà vu?
The IPC are all about their sci-fi sorcery, so it's not that surprising. Wanna go take a look?
...Sounds like you two are getting along! What's Numby saying?
Seriously!? You actually speak trotter?
Wow, that's soooo deep... Come on, stop fooling around!
I should've known... Don't quit your day job.
Huh? Looks like Numby's in a good mood.
Look — that big guy down there — is he the one in charge?
Huh? Where'd Numby go?
Phew... So are we all good here, or what?
It's a long story...
You should probably ask Bronya to explain it to you.
...Oh! Looks like we've got a message.
Yeah! We demand to speak with Topaz!
Y'know, it's funny how the "rules" always seem to work in your favor, don't you think? This world's been hanging by a thread and now you're here to pull the plug on it!
Are you coming with us, Seele?
Got it, Seele. We'll do what we can to help Bronya out.
Pfft! We took down the Doomsday Beast, the Stellaron, and Phantylia. Did you really think YOU could stop us?
That's what friends are for, Bronya! ...You don't sound like yourself. Is something wrong?
It's...
Right? I don't think it's fair for you to carry the weight alone. Why not discuss it with others first?
I trust her judgment too, but...
What if this decision is too much for one person? The impact of this choice could haunt Bronya for the rest of her life.
I... think we should leave this matter to the Belobogians... Don't you agree?
We've got your back! We failed to convince Topaz, but this should be a piece of cake!
Himeko! Wait, is that the real you or a hologram!?
Only 63% of planets succeed? That's not exactly comforting...
Um... Miss Himeko, sorry for interrupting, but this doesn't sound like a negotiation...
Huh? Wh—What do you mean?
B—Bronya? You're here just in time! Things were about to get out of control!
Hey! Shh! That's a secret!
Serval, we're racing against the clock! No time for head-wrapping.
What!? Hold on, are you serious? I thought you'd be against it for sure!
I see... I suppose that makes sense.
Thanks for your input. I'll make a note of your opinion.
I wish it were made up... Unfortunately it's all true.
We don't have much time, Pela! Bronya wants to get everyone's opinion.
Huh, okay... Any particular reason?
I see. So compared to a distant and uncertain future, what you really care about is making sure the people around you have a good life...
Thanks for your input. I'll make a note of your opinion.
We're here to gather everyone's opinion on the matter. I know this is a little sudden, but we're running out of time. What's your take?
A soldier's perspective is always valuable, Dunn.
Thanks for your input. I'll make a note of your opinion.
Did we miss anyone in the Overworld? I think we asked just about everyone we needed to.
From what I've gathered, it seems like most people in the Overworld are leaning towards signing the IPC's contract.
We'd better hurry to the Underworld and see what Natasha and Seele make of it all...
No stress, Nat. Just tell us what you really think.
...Wow, that's a pretty convincing argument...
Another vote for the against pile. Thanks for your insight, Nat.
Hey there, Clara! Huh? Is Svarog not around?
What!? Topaz!? Do you know where they went?
True. Dan Heng's always saying that Clara's really insightful for her age.
It's alright, Clara, no pressure. Just tell us how you feel about it.
You're right. Children see the world as a place where anything is possible...
...just the thought of our lives being predestined from birth makes me shiver!
Thanks, Clara. Your thoughts mean a lot to us.
Mr. Oleg, out of all the people we know in Belobog, you have the most life experience. What do you think we should do?
Huh, I guess I never looked at it from that angle... I wouldn't wish that title on anyone.
I think so too. But could you imagine having to hear names like "The Traitorous Ruler" for the rest of your life?
Thank you for your thoughts, Mr. Oleg. Another vote for the "for" pile.
Whew... All that running around has worn me out.
So, the final conclusion is...
...The votes are completely even! Ugh, I don't know what to do — both sides have really compelling arguments.
Right! We haven't asked Seele!
Wait a minute, we forgot to ask Seele! Let's go see what she has to say.
She's probably still in the Great Mine helping the miners. Come on, let's get going!
Yeah, you didn't think the future of Belobog was at stake, right?
As it stands, the votes are even. Your opinion will make all the difference.
Huh!?
...Understood, Seele. This is a difficult decision to make, and everyone feels differently about it.
It's times like these that a leader must stand up and do what's needed...
Well, it's all in Bronya's hands now. She has to make the final call.
Right? I'm glad Belobog has someone like her in charge...
You bet! The Express can vouch for Bronya. That says a lot about her character.
The time has come — let's go fill her in. I'm curious to see how she's handling those Qlipoth ministers.
We talked to people in both the Overworld and Underworld. The final result was... a tie.
Did you come to a conclusion with the ministers? It's so loud I can't tell what anyone's saying...
Wait a sec, did Gepard say that he's in Rivet Town? Could that mean Topaz is...
No time for guesses! Let's just head to Rivet Town and find Gepard first.
Gepard should be waiting for us in Rivet Town, right?
Here we go again, back to our old stomping grounds for another adventure!
Mr Svarog! Are you alright? I hope Topaz and her IPC henchmen didn't hurt you.
"Unlikely, potential..." meaning there could still be conflicts...
Himeko's right. As long as we can look at ourselves in the mirror and know we did the right thing, that's all that matters.
Phew, I was worried things were gonna get ugly again. A peaceful solution is always the best solution.
Speaking of solutions... Are they repairing that giant robot — the one we fought against? I remember you took control of it and helped us defeat Cocolia!
Right! I'd totally forgotten — that's the whole reason we came here in the first place!
Looks like everyone in the city's helping with construction — doubt there'll be much time for celebrating. Still, look on the bright side — we got to meet a top IPC executive! The trip wasn't a complete waste, right?
Miss Topaz is definitely up to the job! She has that aura of... what's the word... invincibility!
Well, we didn't get to enjoy the festivities this time round, but at least we still got to meet a top IPC executive!
...Huh?
I've been wondering, how did you figure out what was happening here on Belobog, Himeko?
Whoa, the fort's packed... I've never seen this many people here before.
Geez... I can barely even hear myself think!
Is this really the right place...? It's so quiet all of a sudden.
This atmosphere really feels strange... Are you sure Topaz is here?
Wow... I didn't expect to find a place like this in the Underworld!
I wonder why Topaz would come to a place like this...
So... where are we headed to now, Bronya?
...What is this place? We've never been here before, right?
Aunt Gertie! It's been too long!
Wow, they smell so good! They look so crispy and crunchy! I think I'm in love!
Is that Pela? Looks like she's teaching the kids again.
I never knew Pela had a strict side...
Ta-da! Guess who's back?
It's fine! You really don't have to apologize. We're just passing through, it's no big deal.
Got it! We'll get out of your way, then. Bye!
Hang on a sec, isn't that Wallace up ahead? Looks like he's finally made some friends! I wonder what they're talking about...
Looks like things are getting heated. I think we'd better get outta here.
Automaton... Stealth Bomb?
Look — down there! It's the IPC!
Oh no, they saw right through it...
Wow! We wiped them all out in a single explosion! That's what you call efficiency!
You Silvermane Guards sure are a righteous bunch...
Woohoo! The coast is clear!
This time, the gloves are off!
Why would Topaz come here? Is she looking for something?
Hah! See, they weren't brave enough to follow us! Freedom!
Serves them right! Better luck next time, slowpokes!
Oh please, it's the result that counts~ Gotta take risks sometimes if you wanna succeed~
Hehe, it was a team effort~
Well, you can get good at getting lucky~
Doesn't seem like there's any way to open this gate... Ooh, check this mechanism out. Look familiar?
We did it! It's open! Quick, let's go, I think I heard footsteps!
I don't see a switch for the gate.
Ah! Over there!
Ugh, you're such a nuisance! Just what crime are we supposed to have committed again? It better be worth you following us all the way out here!
Ah! What a two-faced hag!
Well, if there's no escape, then maybe it's time we gave them a taste of Astral Express medicine!
Ugh — can't find a way to break their formation!
This girl's pretty strong... Hey Dan Heng, maybe now's a good time to show off your secret strength!?
Ugh, you're no fun.
So what happened back there? Why did the supreme guardian send people to arrest us?
Imagine launching a surprise attack when your enemy is fast asleep. The cheek!
Wait! There are Silvermane Guards here. Careful not to alert them!
Hey! There are still wounded here that need our help!
Got all your intel? Come on, let's head over to that Great Mine, or whatever they call it.
Huh? What's this... Did those guys leave it behind...?
Wh—Whoa!
What the heck!?
Hey, it talks! And it knows that we aren't from this planet?
A Home-Use Object Finder? Who knew the IPC made these kinds of products...
What!? This fella's already broken... What should we do, take it with us?
Ugh, you need to log out once in a while.
It's completely blocked by the mine cart... What do we do? Can we blow it up?
Easier said than done... Do you know how?
...How come you just jumped out on your own, little fella? Isn't your module thingy broken?
Oh, well aren't you confident? Let me give it a try then.
Where's the input interface? Ah, found it...
Mine Cart Pin... Mine Cart Wheelset... Confirm... Just like that?
How convenient! So next time Dan Heng gets lost, we can just use Findie to find him, right?
That's everything!
You were a big help, Findie!
...We're pretty lucky, huh? Without Findie, it probably would've taken half the day to find these parts.
How about this one?
What about this one?
This one looks pretty new.
Alright, mission accomplished!
The cart is about to depart!
That's everything!
Are you gonna do it yourself?
...Do you think the Great Mine was affected by our fighting on the surface?
Look, it's Antonia! The miners and vagrants are all in the same spot.
I sure hope they're not arguing again... Quick, let's head over!
Hey! Are you guys causing trouble again?
Uh... can't we get Bronya to cover the bill?
Today they do! And you're not dreaming. If you don't believe us, pinch yourself!
...Mr. Yang put it nicely, but the reality is this: We sealed the Stellaron, but that's not gonna solve the problems on this planet...
There I was getting excited to tell everyone the good news...
So... should we tell everyone the deal?
...Julian? Quick, let's go see!
Found you! You ran all the way out here just to play hide-and-seek? It's too dangerous!
Since when did I become "Miss" March? And where's Hook and the others? Come on, call them over.
Hey, it wasn't like I wanted to play! The kids forced us to...
Great idea! Shame we don't have any.
Aha! Gotcha!
You should be happy it's us and not Natasha! If she'd found you, you'd be in big trouble already.
Hook! Hehe, got you again!
What about your integrity, huh? You brought the other kids out here to Rivet Town, didn't you?
Okay, okay, that's enough of that. Let's go and find Julian.
Hide-and-seek update... Astral Express crew — 2, The Moles — 0!
Huh? What's wrong? Why aren't you saying anything?
Rivals...? Why the heck are we rivals now? What are you talking about?
...Sit up and take notice, right?
So that's why you were so silent! Hmph, if you wanna be as awesome as us, you better start training every day~
Hey, they're finally back!
Ha, that's nothing — the unannounced disappearance record-holder is right here!
...Uh, I wasn't worried about you. If you must know, I was wondering if Bronya was okay.
Don't worry, Mr. Oleg, we'll make sure you don't regret it!
So you're not the guide Mr. Oleg was talking about, Seele?
I guess Sampo. Businessman, magician, liar, and now guide... This kind of work was made for him.
Huh... Hm...
It's nothing, it just feels like people are getting along better since your unannounced disappearance...
This I really wasn't expecting...
Ugh, enough! Jeez! We believe you, okay? Show us the way already.
This is Svarog's lair? I thought it'd be cold and lifeless, turns out it's pretty busy!
Isn't it dangerous for them to make camp right under Svarog's metal nose?
It's all good. We've had you for practice.
What a heavy gate... Okay, watch this!
Opennnn sesame~!
It looks so... lame.
Huh? Are we starting now!?
Infernal construction what now? How would we know anything about that!
Ugh, aren't you supposed to be dependable?
Combat module? This thing's faulty, right...?
Whoa! Was that a lucky guess? *gasp* Did you go to a music festival without us?
My right hand? Here you go. Why is this part of the— Hey, hey! Ow, ow, ow!
...So this is the certification mark?
Phew...That was scary, it just suddenly attacked!
Seems like this one's got a temper...
You mean this? Here, look.
Huh? Me again? It hurts, y'know!
...Ah! Owwww...
Hehe, now we're talkin'!
...Ah! Owwww!
*sigh* ...Why is it always me...
Aaaah!!! How come it hurt even more than the other two!? Hmph, at least that's the final step...
We can get in now, right? Hehe, Svarog's certification system is no match for us!
Yeah, yeah, thank you very much.
Now to set the record straight with Svarog. Let's get in there!
Ugh! Where did he run off to — he was just here a second ago!
Ooh, good plan! Treat the robots like guard dogs!
...How is that gonna improve our chances?
Clara? Oh, the girl we saw in the Great Mine?
We need to get permissions from her? What's she got to do with this?
Family... Huh, weird.
Wait, you guys went sightseeing in another town?
This is a big town. Where should we start?
That's no ordinary kid. So young and yet so... stubborn? No, intelligent?
...Did you really have to add that last part!?
...Then good luck persuading that mass of metal.
Isn't a robot shoulder cold to begin with?
So... you think Svarog's logic has a hole in it?
But, how we can get him to do that... Showing him some of our photos wouldn't cut it, right?
Over there! Clara went down on the elevator.
She turned that way, quick!
Huh? Where'd she go? We just saw her go this way.
*sigh* We'll just have to head straight and keep looking.
Why isn't Svarog helping you?
More fixing? I'm getting good at this!
Relax, we got this. Right, Dan Heng?
*sigh* How are we gonna convince her?
The present situation is... we're here! This planet isn't doomed after all...
The variable is... our arrival! No outsider's set foot in the underground for over a decade...
Clara, you're observant, right? Take a look at us. Do we look like Underworlders?
Right! That's because we're not from here. We've never been a factor in Svarog's calculations. And if those calculations are based solely on "the strength of the Underworlders," then the results don't apply to the present situation.
Circumstances have changed since then — there's a Silvermane Guard down here now! Is that part of Svarog's calculation? Not to mention, we're—
...Just tell her already! We come from a different planet!
That's your big reveal? The important part is: We're from a different planet!
There's just no way that Svarog's calculations would have included variables like us, y'know?
Really? Awesome!
It's okay, Clara! We're here to reason with him.
He cut you off completely! This guy...
Think before opening your mouth!
What should we do? This is going from bad to worse!
E—Extermination? In the literal sense?
Darn it! He's got extra hands!
So it's literally a helping hand?
That hand of his! It's gonna explode!
Defense or offense, we need to pick one and go all in.
So... So we did it?
Yeah! Without her, even if we'd defeated Svarog, there's no way he'd have given us access to the intel, right?
Although, if Clara hadn't been here... Svarog would never have granted us access to the intel, right? Even up until the end.
...So the truth is clear now, right?
Bronya? Are you okay?
Huh...? Huh!? So, you're the real chief? Wh—What about Oleg?
Seele...
It's not responding...
Why? Why is every elevator in the Underworld busted!?
Sampo... Are we there yet?
Hey, where are you going? We have more important things to do. Stop dilly-dallying!
How did you know that was Perkins...
Seems like Perkins picked up a stammer?
Are you trying to start another fight...
Well whatever, we won... Thanks to that giant robot, we were finally able to take care of the Stellaron... and Bronya made a promise — the Underworld and the Overworld will soon be reunited.
Which means that you, Svarog — uh... You won't have to worry about preserving the Underworld... for the time being.
That's our Bronya — quick as a flash!
...If you haven't got anything nice to say right now, zip it!
They've jacked up security alright... how the heck are we gonna sneak in? Serval, we need one of those brainwaves.
Exactly, we've got nowhere left to retreat.
Right on! I'm stealing that!
Look how far we've come! Don't chicken out on us now.
And it's behind a gate. What are the odds...
So that's why you went for maintenance, way to go Serval! I thought you just came up with it on the spot.
Uh, not even the supreme guardian?
Darn, this guy's not stupid...
Oh? You play rock 'n' roll too? Cool!
*sniff* What's that weird smell...
Could you be any less discreet!?
I think we attracted attention...
You're not dead yet. How can you give up that easily!?
Haven't you noticed yet? Most of our "convincing" ends in a fight.
...Ugh, didn't I tell you? All our negotiations end in combat!
Phew... he just won't go down...
Yeah, our goal is the same as yours, Serval's, and Bronya's — we just want to preserve this world! There's no reason to turn against each other!
You're Gepard's sister alright...
Is Gepard on front line duty a lot?
It's so dangerous, don't you worry about him?
I never would've guessed that Gepard and you were brother and sister.
Serval, this Dunn, do you know him?
It's open! Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, Dunn!
Um, Serval... won't more Silvermane Guards be waiting for us on the other side of the gear bridge?
Then what's our plan!?
Uhh...
Before our next expedition, I need Himeko to teach me some negotiation skills. Beating people up all the time is cramping my elegance!
...How many of them are there!?
Huh? Serval, aren't you gonna look for the Stellaron with us?
Say no more! We're good at this. Don't worry!
Guys... does this place feel weird to you? It feels like... like there are loads of eyes staring at us.
Look, up ahead on the ground... What is that?
Wh—Whoa! Quick, look!
That's Bronya! H—Huh? Is that Cocolia too!?
Which means they were definitely here, right?
And it looks like they went that way.
*sigh* I knew this wouldn't be simple...
Wait! Wasn't there some big energy hub-looking thing back in that empty area? Let's go back and take a look, maybe it's linked to this gate.
However?
Ha, even Dan Heng the sensible has his adventurous days!
It worked, right?
...But, the gate didn't move an inch...
Look over there! I think I can see the next unit.
Are those monsters guarding the energy hub?
Did you hear that? This mechanism must be on now!
Come on, let's find the next one!
Success! Another mechanism shut down.
Huh!? You mean that Stellarons can communicate? I've never heard that before...
Dan Heng's speculations are usually right on the money. But even if we've guessed right, we can't go home now.
Done! It took some effort, but we finally cracked these mechanisms...
*gasp* Are these echoes too?
Whoa, check this place out! Tables and sentry posts — there must have been Silvermane Guards stationed here once.
Looks like another completely new monster.
This enemy is completely different! If I didn't know it was a product of the Fragmentum, I'd think we were fighting a human!
Look, Bronya and Cocolia's echoes... they must have come through here.
...That means we must be really close, right?
Hey, stay with it! This is the final push!
It feels like this echo is different from the others before.
Huh!? Did... Did she just speak!?
A—Are you sure this isn't the real her?
...She disappeared.
I don't wanna get to the end so soon... I want my journey to go on forever.
Not always, sometimes it's a happier conclusion.
To be honest, you never really get used to them! We always used to rely on Himeko and Mr. Yang.
Hey, way to boost morale over there!
Right on! But you can say whatever you like — a good adventure shouldn't be full of rules and regulations!
Helping those in need, befriending those worth counting on, and saving the world a few times along the way...
We're deep inside the Fragmentum... There could be hidden dangers lying in wait.
Let's look for other clues first.
Uh... Is this right?
It's f—freezing here — the blizzard's so fierce! The power from the Trailblaze Path isn't enough to stop the cold...
Does it... look like the palm of a huge hand to you?
Wh—What is this? ...It's scary!
I bet the Antimatter Legion forces never thought they'd be swallowed up by the Eternal Freeze when they invaded this world.
No, no! We've got enough on our plate.
I... I don't remember... It's a blank canvas...
I'm impressed you can still think up jokes right now...
Even in the ice... could these guys still be alive...?
The ground... it's shaking! What's happening!?
Th—This robot's a thousand times bigger than Svarog!
No! That end won't come to pass while we're around!
If Cocolia threatens us by taking Bronya hostage...
...Himeko, it's Himeko!
Himeko! You finally spared a thought for us!
Nice! The crisis on this world is basically over, right?
...What?
Why do we have to lie? ...I'm abstaining — I like telling the truth. But... I get what you're trying to do.
What's wrong, Bronya? Do you feel sick?
Uh... you drew the Amber Lord's gaze? Right at that moment? That's too much of a coincidence...
Um... thank you? That's not answering my question though...
Be serious! I really wanna know...
Mm, you're right, we need to finish what we started... Let's hurry up and find Natasha.
That's right, I'm the first one, he's the second! We're here to help!
Hmph, you're the one getting excited... My first detective case! Finally, my intelligence and wisdom have a chance to shine!
Let me take a look... Mm, so these are the suspects. Ahem, hmm, I see...
(I couldn't think of anyone else to be Mr. Yang's boss...)
(So what! This is the Tea Society, remember?)
(I—It kinda works, right...?)
(That's Pu'er's little secret — he transforms into an aurumaton in dire situations.)
No wonder Yinshu said she had to cover her nose...
...What's wrong, Mr. Yang? See anything fishy?
...I thought we talked about copying people.
Resting? Booooring!
I figured it out! The day before the resurrection, he appeared near the Ambrosial Arbor with a Stellaron!
Oh yeah, I guess. You're pretty smart... sometimes.
Oh, yeah... Ah Geez, this is gonna be a tough case to crack if even my instincts are off...
Mr. Yang! You were going off his appearance this whole time? I thought you had some super secret thing up your sleeve! Didn't your mom ever tell you not to judge a book by its—
Exactly! ...Huh? W—Wait! That's not the point!
Where's this anger coming from?
Don't worry, the Express Crew keeps its promises. We won't disappoint you.
Yeah right... Anyway, since when did investigators shy away from delicate situations?
...I did wanna say something, though. Umm, I don't think Mr. Yang is the kind of person to make a judgment based only on instinct...
Gut feeling.
Hey! He was just giving an example! I'm the nicest girl in the galaxy.
Of course, crew members are always right.
...
Hoo-wee! We may be new to the Xianzhou, but we're already investigating the mysterious disappearance of Luocha...
Am I? I feel pretty normal. Anyway, this case has really got my detective blood pumping. I need to get to the bottom of it...
Yup! I always dreamed of a head-scratcher like this — a chance to showcase my detective genius.
I've been familiarizing myself with The Angler Mystery lately. — I think it's safe to say I have the best investigative mind on the Express at this point...
*gasp* A fellow reader! But Miss Jingyan, the author — Su Fang — was the lead medical assistant in an apothecary, and the main character — the Angler — is a healer... Why didn't you want to join the Alchemy Commission instead?
I see... But your lives are so long — shouldn't career change be easy?
Wow, good for you Miss Jingyan.
So we have to clean up and reorder the footage ourselves?
I knew we could rely on you!
Hey, I said over to you! You can't back out now!
That's right, and you're the sidekick!
What do you think? Any idea what the correct order is?
Is this order really correct? Lemme see...
Luocha turns a corner, but the corner leads straight to an inn... Then he exits the inn and goes into Spare Time Book Shop without buying anything.
And then he runs to the dock and picks up some luggage?
This doesn't seem right to me. Wanna try again?
Really? That feels like a messy order to me.
So Luocha enters Spare Time Book Shop and then the inn, but leaves moments after empty-handed. Then he turns a corner into a dark alley... and then goes to the dock with all that luggage?
Do you think he captured someone and put them in the coffin?
Lemme see if this order works... Hmm, Luocha exits the starskiff, enters Exalting Sanctum, goes into an inn, and puts down his luggage — including the coffin.
Then he goes to Spare Time Book Shop, but doesn't buy anything. Finally, he leaves and turns a corner into a dark alley.
Nice work indeed — you're sidekick to a genius detective after all!
Hmm... 2, 3, 1, 4... Luocha emerges from the inn, goes to Spare Time Book Shop, turns into an alley, then appears at the dock with his luggage...
I know! He must have found a treasure map at Spare Time Book Shop. He went into the alley to dig it up and then went home with his newfound riches!
Sure, which one do you want to watch?
Where does this corner lead to?
Why would he leave Exalting Sanctum via a secluded dock? That's so suspicious!
Thanks so much! We'll be waiting — patiently.
Hey, don't rush her! So sorry, Miss Jingyan, they can be a little impatient. Take your time, we can wait.
Huh? I... Isn't this a scene from The Angler Mystery?
Shh — you're being annoying! I'm not kidding — this is straight out of the book.
The Angler Mystery — the novel! There's a scene that's identical to this footage.
The Angler's origin story, of course. He's a healer from the Alchemy Commission who gets on the wrong side of a mysterious organization called the Tea Society. Two agents in dark clothing wait for him to be alone and then poison him.
The drug has the same de-aging effect as the Vidyadhara's hatching rebirth — the Angler gets younger and turns back into a child. From there on out, the Angler pursues the Tea Society while solving all kinds of strange cases.
The Tea Society is just a code name, did you think they'd call themselves the Evil Society? They have to have a nice-sounding name to conceal themselves!
It wouldn't. In the book, the drug only de-ages the body — it can't repair damage to the soul. In other words, it's like molting, not a true rebirth.
Eh, it's just a novel — who knows if something like that could happen in reality. I thought of it as soon as I saw this footage, though.
True... If someone from the Alchemy Commission was suggesting it could be done, then there's always a possibility.
*gasp* What if a crazy Angler Mystery fan decided to commit a copycat crime? Luocha gets turned into a child, then follows a mysterious duo in black... The plot thickens — this could be a kidnapping!
Yeah! Makes sense to me.
Hmm... Maybe he dyed his hair!
...Uh, a d—detective's initial conjectures are bound to be wrong! Totally expected!
No, no, this is completely different.
Alright, let's go! Time to interview the witness!
I don't see the shopkeeper. Let's look for her in the area.
Looks like Yinshu isn't here after all... Where could she be?
So she asked someone to look after the shop for her... but where are they? Looks like they must have left too.
Huh? A supernatural tales anthology! Sounds like a good bedtime read... Might stop me daring to run to the bathroom at night though...
*gasp* A new addition after so many years! Looks like I made the right choice coming to the Luofu! As soon as we've cracked this case, I'm getting myself a copy — Su Fang is the greatest.
We'll be back soon, don't get too comfortable!
Hey mister, are you manning the counter for the young shopkeeper of Spare Time Book Shop?
Um... Can you please tell us where she is?
Because we're asking nicely? What's with the attitude?
Pay you? What is this? You want payment for a simple favor?
This guy doesn't seem like the negotiable type. What should we do?
The question is, do you know who we are?
Hah — and who do you think were the inspiration for the Tea Society? Us, that's who.
In your dreams! This is genius detective March 7th's case — I should be the one paying...
If you lie to us, we'll be back!
Are you Yinshu, the shopkeeper at Spare Time Book Shop? There's something we want to talk to you about.
You're heading back to the store, right? Let's walk and talk. I'll tell you all about it on the way.
So you just happened to be going the same way... Did you see what the outworlder was doing?
Mr. Yang's instinct was right all along — Luocha is a villain! How could he do this? Tearing up a book as well-written as The Angler Mystery... Unacceptable!
If I knew the answer to that, wouldn't that make me as evil as him?
That makes him even worse! How dare he use a book that praises justice for his evil plans!
So... is this a dead end?
Ha! That's more like it! New clues always turn up in the nick of time.
That crook wanted to cheat us out of 500 strales.
Of course not! We scared him off.
That's right. Making mistakes is part of growing up.
Don't worry, we can keep a secret. Just make sure it doesn't happen again!
That crook cheated us out of 500 strales.
Yeah, it's his problem, not yours.
Hey, you're gonna take it!? Yinshu, this isn't your fault — you don't have to do this.
This is your hard-earned money. Looking after a bookshop is no easy task.
Aw, that's so kind of you! You just made a loyal customer out of me.
Don't worry, we can keep a secret. Just make sure it doesn't happen again!
Nice! You found footage of him leaving?
Strange... Why spend two hours in such a confined area? He must've been up to something...
I'm gonna stop you right there. Refined wardrobe, elegant bearing... He may be a villain, but he doesn't look like someone who'd give up on finding a bathroom, even in an emergency...
Maybe he spent all his money on startaro bubble tea and couldn't afford a hotel room!
It's a shame no cycranes are installed in that area — we still have no idea what he was up to. This Luocha is getting more suspicious by the minute...
How does he always hear us!?
Thanks for the help, Miss Jingyan!
I think it's high time detective March took the gloves off.
That won't be necessary, Mr. Yang. As the Angler once said: "A true detective operates as effectively from their armchair as from the scene of the crime."
It's too early to start fieldwork — we must wait until my deduction is complete. Then, when we arrive at the scene, you'll see that the facts match my theory to a T!
Hmph, I'll quote the Angler again: "The field officer is a diligent specimen, yet they lack the detective's instinct to deduce facts from evidence."
Yay! Mr. Yang is the best!
Ready? I'm gonna start my reconstruction.
Okay, here we go... Eh-heh, explaining a theory in front of everyone is a more nerve-wracking than I expected.
Sure, gives me time to make a few more adjustments.
(Right. I'll be using the Angler's deductive method: reconstruct what happened from the bad guy's perspective.)
(Quit messing around, I'm thinking.)
(Oh, almost forgot about that title page... He took it with him, so it must have had some significance.)
(Next up... I need to have a look at the map, Mr. Yang. Hmm... He must have gone through that gate up ahead. No way he would've stayed put in such a small area for two hours.)
(You think that would stop the likes of Luocha? What kind of a Stellaron smuggler would he be if he couldn't get past a door?)
(*sigh* Fine, I'll be me. You guys will have to imagine his lines instead.)
(Let's try that direction first. On paper, that area looks the perfect place for bad guys to do bad things.)
(Ahem... What's wrong with a quick route, Mr. Yang?)
(*sigh* True... He must've had a tougher journey than I imagined. Come on, let's start over.)
(Y'know, just a little dramatic effect...)
(Is it really so far-fetched? We're already assuming that Luocha came here to sell the Stellaron to a bunch of cut-throats — may as well throw in some monsters here and there...)
(It's more fun this way...?)
(The Angler is both a detective and a fighter!)
(Anyway, it's not like we're gonna be able to conjure up exactly what Luocha ran into. Why not use our own interpretation to bridge the gap?)
(I don't see any major plot holes.)
(It's becaaaause... because, because, because...)
(No, that's Pu'er, the Tea Society's gatekeeper.)
(That's right. He's a member of the Tea Society, so, naturally, he chose a type of tea as his alias.)
(Oh, sure.)
(I wonder if Luocha has something prepared for this moment...)
(This is Luocha's trick — feign weakness to get the gatekeeper to lower his guard.)
(He, uh... had no choice? Times are tough.)
(Looks like this isn't gonna work...)
(Don't forget — he's modeled after you, Mr. Yang.)
(I'm always logical! And based on my deduction, pretending to be an officer isn't gonna work...)
(Hey, this is Pu'er, not Mr. Yang!)
(*sigh* True. Looks like using force isn't the right way...)
You're just here for the show!
Hey, this is called "proof by exhaustion!" It's what the Angler does best!
(You know how evildoers can be — sometimes they have a higher purpose than just money. It's only natural he'd try everything to achieve that purpose.)
(I think it was Mr. Yang who promised us Xianzhou delicacies earlier? Wouldn't wanna steal his thunder, hee-hee...)
(Hmm... Seems bribing isn't an option.)
(How is this minor? It's an important link in my deduction!)
(This isn't working.)
(Hey! You don't know if you don't try!)
(Pu'er takes the page and goes to find the boss. Before long, Luocha sees an imposing figure walking towards him.)
(And so Luocha has to make a break for it! But where to? Lemme have a look at the map... Aha, gotcha!)
(Uh-oh! His only escape is...)
(So Luocha hopped on a starskiff and fled with the help of his accomplice... And that, ladies and gents, is the truth behind Luocha's disappearance.)
No one gets left out of my stories!
Too many faces, too small a budget. Maybe next time.
Hmm... You're right, Mr. Yang. Guess I can't compete with the Angler just yet...
You know what? Time for some fieldwork. Maybe the answers to our questions are waiting for us at the scene.
Are you two... *gasp* the people in dark clothing? What's with the wardrobe change?
Wait, what?
A paper flower? It's beautiful... Did Luocha make this?
The paper looks familiar... can I open it?
Let me see... Ah! Of course!
It's the title page of The Angler Mystery!
The prescription's on this side, but on the back there's... Huh? So that's what this is all about!?
Sadly not...
Take a look yourself.
"The Immortal Spoiler"? Ugh, some people just wanna watch the world burn.
So he paid for the book and tore off the title page to protect people from the spoiler...
He must be a fan of this book too... I knew Angler Mystery fans couldn't be bad!
Looks like the whole thing was just a big misunderstanding.
Get going to where, Mr. Yang?
Yay!
Huh? Where'd the sound go!?
Ugh, don't do this to me... Hearing half a sentence is like developing half a photo. I'll be up all night thinking about it...
(His villain friends must have been waiting on the other side to buy the Stellaron. He went to meet them.)
(B—Because, uhh... Well, we're too law-abiding to understand bad guy logic.)
(Finally, Mr. Yang approves detective March's theory!)
(They wouldn't have met up at the dock, it's too open. No good for discussing evil plans...)
Ugh, Look, it's just containers as far as the eye can see.
This area isn't for receiving guests, it's for unloading cargo! Who decided to send us this way?
Such a huge port and not a soul in sight. It gives me the creeps...
Ah! Stop talking! If there is someone here, they're in my bad books already.
Mr. Yang, what should we do?
That's Mr. Yang — this is child's play for him. He's dealt with all kinds of dangers before.
Are you forgetting we've got Mr. Yang with us? Oh, right, you haven't seen what he can do yet...
Is that the Jade Gate? It's huge!
Whoa... I felt like I suddenly lost weight when we passed through.
So much for cutting calories...
Ugh, can't you two humor me once in a while? I thought all that working out was finally paying off...
There's a huge star in the sky and you're only interested in the clouds?
Strange. I don't remember seeing a big planet near the Xianzhou when we were on the Express.
When you travel with Mr. Yang, he'll give you a thesis on everything he sees — if you have the patience to let him go on and on.
There are wounded everywhere...
Mr. Yang, look!
Whoa, so we're like doctors diagnosing a patient right now!
I'm on it~
Pleasure! But are you thanking us or giving yourself a compliment?
Illustrious names? ...Uhh, sure. I'm March 7th, this is Mr. Yang — oh — Mr. Welt Yang, and this is—
Next time, why not remind me before I give up my name?
Next time, why not remind me before I give up my name?
Awaiting orders, Mr. Yang!
Y'know, you sound sweet enough, but you were talking about getting us escorted away by your Cloud Knights. If it weren't for Mr. Yang...
True... But we came here to trailblaze, not jailblaze.
Mr. Yang, someone's hurt...
Leave it to me!
Why have we stopped?
Favor...? Count me out. What if we do it wrong and you get your cloud cronies to throw us in jail.
What? Does he look like a crane to you?
She sure knows how to boss people around.
*sigh* I'm getting used to it.
What, you'd rather leave it to our fox lady here? She'll probably break a nail, and then we'll never hear the end of it...
Yeah, yeah, we're watching.
Moving containers, picking locks... Seems like we're doing all the heavy-lifting just so Miss Tingyun can enjoy the scenery.
I was perfectly calm until she volunteered to help...
I was perfectly calm until she volunteered to help...
I was perfectly calm until she volunteered to help...
You wouldn't understand! All cute things in the world should share a mutual affinity!
Of course I understand! All cute things in the world share a special connection, after all.
The first time we met Diting was during the Kafka hunt. I could tell there was a mysterious connection between us — whenever he barked, I understood what he wanted to say.
...For example, "Woof woof, woof woof woof woof!"
Diting can convey a lot of information with only a few sounds.
Hey, enough with the passive aggression!
The simple truth of the matter is that I can understand him.
Little Diting says he's been dutifully searching for clues all over the Xianzhou. He notified us as soon as he found something strange.
So what does he want us to take a look at?
So it's a recording device. Diting must have heard its signal and called us over here to investigate.
He looks about eight or nine years old! And he's already the general's retainer? The Xianzhou really does have some child prodigies, huh.
Can't disqualify him just for being a widdle baby! If he's the general's retainer, there must be more to him than meets the eye.
We're not that old ourselves, right? And yet here we are — Express passengers on trailblazing expeditions!
Given everything that's been happening on the Xianzhou recently, I reckon the only "fugitive" worthy of a retainer's attention... would be a Stellaron Hunter. I wonder how he's getting along?
And that's... the end? There's nothing else in the operations log?
That Jingliu seems pretty dangerous... *sigh* The Stellaron crisis sure has attracted a lot of strange people to the Luofu.
Good morning! Is work going well today, master diviner?
...
"Ultimately auspicious..." Wow, sounds pretty good to me — seems like we really were destined to meet today, then.
Y'know... I see you've been using the Matrix of Prescience to divine into Kafka's past. Well, I have a similar request...
I must be seeing things. Why are there two Fu Xuans here?
What experience is this? It looks like the Healer's Market...
Really? That can't be right. I remember there were lots of Cloud Knights in the Plaza...
I'm good, everything seems normal...
Uhh... My head is spinning...
Who are you? I don't remember you.
You're the one who needs to leave. I'm not letting this go.
Uh... is this my room? I didn't get a chance to tidy up. Don't judge...!
...Ice?
Yes... I'm sure.
Wait! Hold on!
*sigh* I knew it. Things are never simple are they...
Something must have happened when I was frozen in the ice. I bet the memories were freezing and decided to hibernate.
Ah!? Who would do such a horrible mean thing!?
The diviner said I need to provide something from my past experiences...
Hmm, what should it be? How about a Xianzhou souvenir?
S—Sorry, Master Diviner!
I... I dunno. She's being a little creepy...
Whoa, whoa! What's with the sudden aggression!? I'm not ready!
"The person present who shouldn't be..." Who could that be?
It's called perfectionism!
This memory should be from the first day we arrived in Belobog. By the second day, we were wanted criminals already...
"The person present, who shouldn't be"... Who could it be?
Phew, finally... After all that, there's just one option left!
Nope, just wild guesses.
*sigh* Finally, all done... I better meet up with Fu Xuan if I wanna keep going through my memories.
This must be... when the crew first found me? I don't remember a thing.
Master Diviner?
You again? What I do with my past is none of your business! Why do you have to make things difficult!?
You don't "protect" people by imprisoning them.
I've got lots! It's just, I don't know what to choose.
Ah, proof that I boarded the Express. The conductor gave me this.
*sigh* So shiny and pretty. I picked up this little guy in Belobog's Underworld.
How could something so beautiful be unsafe?
They've got loads of it down there. I just chipped off a tiny piece.
One of my fondest memories on the Xianzhou!
Before I lost my memory... So, something I don't remember getting? Even then, I couldn't be sure it was from before I lost my memory, right?
From before the memory loss, before the Express...
I'm sorry, Master Diviner! When Himeko found me in the ice, I was stark naked — like a newborn baby. I didn't have any items with me...
...and before you ask, no, I don't have any of that ice lying around.
It melted away not long after I was rescued.
Uhh, I'm pretty sure I should be, almost k—kinda ready to go...
I—I'm okay! Let's do it! Only way to find out is to give it a go!
It's cool, I'll be fine! I'm not a little kid anymore!
Miss Fu Xuan? Is that you?
Miss Fu Xuan? Is that you?
What the heck is she talking about? Master Diviner, did you actually say that at the time? I can't remember.
N—No! Uh — I've always seen you as a... m—masterful master diviner! Hehe...
Hahaha... Uh, — it's mainly just that I, uh... can't always comprehend the... lofty ideals and, uh... principles you discuss...
Umm, this is getting a little complicated... Is there a... simpler explanation?
I don't have to fight all of them... right? The Master Diviner was easy-peasy, but I don't think I could take General Jing Yuan...
So, I have to pick someone and clear them of "interference"?
You're the best, Master Diviner!
Miss Tingyun... It's great to see you so happy... but I can't help feeling a little sad.
Hey, it's fine if you don't want to talk in real life, but this is MY memory, so it's MY rules! Come on, say something!
...Seriously?
Mr. Yang! Hi there!
Huh? Which next fight?
Okay, alright. Got it.
What?
Miss Fu Xuan, do people in memories always say weird stuff like this?
General, hello!
General?
General Jing Yuan?
Jing Yuan!!!
Ugh, what's his deal? Who falls asleep standing up anyway!?
Ah! I remember now! The general wasn't there when we broke into the Alchemy Commission. Looks like we've found the source of our distortion.
Ah!!! You scared me... Why'd you wake up so suddenly?
I... I'm satisfied...
I know what this is! It's a Belobog heater! Umm... Wait a minute, what's a Belobog heater doing at the Healer's Market?
"Foreign object"? ...That sounds like a medical issue. Will it require surgery?
Yeah, Belobog is a kind of snowy doomsday city... There are heaters like this all over the place, otherwise people wouldn't survive.
Come on, Master Diviner — I'll give you a whirlwind tour of Belobog.
...Uhh, is touching a heater a good idea? This thing is red-hot — what if my hand turns extra crispy...
Well, I was never beaten up by Jing Yuan in reality, either...
Hey! Don't pull on my hand, I — ow, ow, ow, hot, hot, hot!
What the actual — that thing was flaming hot! You said things that never happened to me in reality couldn't happen here!
It's freezing... Huh? Master Diviner, aren't you cold? I can't stop shivering.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Huh? I don't think so. Why are you suddenly asking me that?
Am I really that important to someone...? I don't think there's anyone who'd go to all the trouble of locking up my memories...
Hmm...
You said external forces might be messing with my head, right? That just makes me more curious. Hmph, no one gets away with locking up MY memories! Let's go. I'll show you the way to Goethe Hotel!
...Th—The Sampo Hotel? This is Goethe Hotel!
Haha, you don't need a jade abacus to get a feel for Sampo...
No, no, no... Gepard is a captain of the Silvermane Guards, just like how the Luofu has its own Cloud Knights captains. I have no idea what he's doing running security at a hotel like this though.
Hmm, that actually does feels like something he would say...
That's just the work of my subconscious mind...
My brain must be filling in the blanks... Probably because I never drank any famous tea in Belobog.
Seems like my subconscious mind has no talent for screenwriting.
I'm not denying it...
Hmm, this Bronya is... really different from the Bronya I remember.
Do you have to make it sound all scary...?
Long time no see, Seele~
Uh... Got it. Thanks...
It sure is... *sigh* Let's press on and see what awaits.
I remember our second day in Belobog was mostly us being hunted down by Silvermane Guards... We didn't meet Seele until way later.
Which means... Seele shouldn't be appearing in this memory. She's the source of the interference.
I—It's not that I don't trust you... It's just...
I understand. Let's do this.
Well, waking up after a great sleep in a comfy bed to find out you're a wanted criminal... tends to leave a deep impression.
Let's move on to the next stop... Uh, I mean— the last stop. Let's go!
Phew, I'll take a monitor over a red-hot heater any day...
Huh? Are we going? What about Miss Fu Xuan?
Huh? What do you mean...
Dan Heng? Where are you?
Master Diviner? Can you hear me? Darn it... Something must have gone wrong!
What am I gonna do... Why did Miss Fu Xuan pick the scariest time to vanish...
*sigh* Looks like I'll have to do it by myself this time.
My bow... But Himeko made that for me! You're lying...
Wait... I wrote that! That's a story I made up about my past!
Great, forget memories, now everyone gets to see my imagination...
Could it be...? That never even occured to me... but I guess it's not impossible!
...
Enough.
I don't care who you are — disappear right now and let me pass. And don't you ever pretend to be one of my friends again.
Thanks for your help, Miss Fu Xuan...
That person said she was a messenger. The Garden of Recollection... Why would they come after me?
They... set the ice down in one of the passenger cars — it ended up being my room.
What's going on... How come we're back at the start?
"Don't look back. Keep going forward..." I get it! If I do the exact opposite — I'll find my way out! You're a true genius, March.
Ugh... Miss Fu Xuan, why did the simulation just cut off like that?
I'm fine... Just a little light-headed is all...
I don't know. Before I could figure out what was going on, it spat me out...
It's kinda hard to explain...
Glowswather... you mean Fuli the Remembrance? Are they the Aeon connected to my past?
It's not so bad... At least I know it has to do with the Garden of Recollection, right?
That's alright! You've helped me so much already, Master Diviner. I owe you a big one.
Huh, I just found this in my pocket... How did it get there?
Looks like a Light Cone. Didn't that weird voice in the Matrix say something about a parting gift? I guess this is it.
My "origin," huh... I don't know why, but the voice sounded friendly to me.
Well, guess I'll keep it then!
*sigh* You're too cautious. A gift is a gift — it's rude not to take it!
Jumping through all those hoops in the Matrix was pretty exhausting, but this little gift makes me feel like it was worth it.
I'll have to find time to thank Miss Fu Xuan properly. I really owe her one.
Hey, the "me" in the Light Cone looks kinda cute, don't you think?
Hee-hee, just telling it like I see it.
Hmph, don't believe you.
Obviously! How could "Light Cone me" be cuter than actual me?
Let me guess, the gate isn't working?
Are you really from the Divination Commission?
You seem familiar — is this where you come to avoid doing work?
...A few hours? *sigh* Do you have any vacancies?
I knew I'd offended that diviner — that's why she sent this girl to help us!
"Keeper"? You mean guard, right?
...Me? Have we met?
Are you talking about us this time?
*sigh* Anyone here surprised? Anyone?
Ugh, can't we run around to them for a change!?
Hey, Miss Qingque, care to get involved!?
Seems like it, but "jade abacus" does sound a lot better.
Besides, ordinary computers don't have cool backstories. Technology handed down from Nous, huh...
Even in Madam Herta's space station, I never saw anything related to Nous.
No need for the formalities, we heard what the general said... If you need something from us, just say the word.
*sigh* The universal one: "please."
Good enough.
Next time, maybe ease off on the surprises?
What? You just matched up those symbols. Is that it?
If it's so simple, why didn't your master diviner come and do it herself?
Let me guess — time, karma... I bet the next terminal is energy-related!
Let me guess — time, space... I bet the next terminal is energy-related!
Be careful though. Don't get fooled by her again.
Huh, I wouldn't go that far.
...Fool you what now? Ugh, stop it, I'm getting Fu Xuan vibes.
Ha, I'm the queen of vigilance, thank you very much. I don't trust anyone except Dan Heng, Mr. Yang, Himeko, and you.
Be careful. Don't get fooled by her again.
What the heck is this? It looks like a walking gate...
I feel like it needs a sign saying "mortals forbidden" or something... Are you sure it won't fly into a rage if we walk past it?
Did Kafka escape? Argh, how are we gonna explain this to the master diviner!?
...Hey, did she brainwash you!?
Wasn't this the dead tree Qingque showed us earlier? How did it grow all of a sudden?
Mr. Yang, do you mean... the Stellaron is making the Ambrosial Arbor grow?
That massive tree has suddenly sprung to life!
The general's smiling again — definitely errands...
You've never really seen us as outsiders, huh.
You've never really seen us as outsiders, huh.
Sounds like an amazing treasure!
Did he... succeed?
That doesn't sound so bad. The Xianzhou people went on a great adventure and got what they wanted in the end, right?
Huh? She's not angry? *sigh* Is there anyone that isn't two steps ahead of us around here?
Wait, wait! Master Diviner, can you divine our fortunes for us? Is there anything we need to watch out for?
A—Are you sure? You don't need to use a crazy device or do more finger-counting?
Maybe the Artisanship Commission are just more dedicated to their work? The Divination Commission's diviners aren't exactly a hard act to follow...
Sounds like you're speaking from experience...
I think they call that "complaining from the heart."
Yeah, you just need to tell us what the trouble is, hehe~ General Jing Yuan pulled out all the stops to get us here — you can trust us.
...Why did he run back in?
You don't have to believe us — the Astral Express doesn't shout about its achievements! We'll look for your master.
Let's go, I think this conversation's run its course...
"Botanical disaster"? It must be the Ambrosial Arbor...
...but what about the "furnace" his master mentioned?
*sigh* Another locked gate. Time for the old dilemma — break in or climb over?
...You gonna be this enthusiastic when it's jail-sentencing time?
Hold on, let us explain! We're not—
You didn't want to listen to us! We were here to rescue you and you started a fight for no reason!
This guy is pretty deluded for a "master..."
...It's not like that. You're making this too complicated...
You sure about that? Even our trailblazing Space Anchors sound better.
Look, the Ambrosial Arbor's roots...
Look at the deer's feet — there are more roots coming up!
Huh? Peaches? I am kinda hungry...
I'm just saying! It'll be a shame if they get smashed to pieces.
No matter how much damage we do, it just heals itself... not fair!
Ugh, no wonder the Xianzhou is so scared of the Abominations of Abundance — they're unstoppable!
Miss Tingyun, are the long-life species on the Xianzhou... all like this?
*sigh* As long as it's there, we can't get any closer.
Yeah! It can't heal if we take out the source, right?
Great observation Mr. Gongshu. It's amazing what you notice when you're not fighting...
You're right! Those roots never grew back!
Quick, there's more roots over here!
I guess we're done...
Please never do that again...
I feel like I'm gonna be sick...
...Let's go!
It's getting weak! Quick, finish it off!
It's a whole row of those gate robots! We saw one in the Divination Commission...
Huh... Who's Wilder? ...And what's "Aetherium Wars"?
A game ad...?
Really? Let me see...
Hmm... using the IPC's cutting-edge Aether copying technology, we can record any creature you've seen inside of an Aether Coin...
Just print it out and compete against other players — let your Aether Spirits fight for your glory...
Ooh... Seems pretty neat, don't you think?
Right? I knew you were a gamer! Wanna check it out on the way?
I mean... Yeah? Wanna check it out on the way?
Awesome! I've heard that Stellaron Hunter girl uses this kind of tech — maybe we can see it in action.
...Why do you look so unimpressed?
Seriously, think about it, it's Aether copying! I've only ever heard of that Stellaron Hunter girl using this kind of tech.
Come on, let's go. Just think of it as... keeping me company for a while!
It's at the Rivet Town Plaza, right? Let's hit the road, there's no time like the present!
Yeah! Can you give us an overview?
I never expected the Corporation to know anything about Aether copying tech! I thought that was something only Punklordian hackers could handle.
I think it'd be better if the IPC avoided it... it sounds pretty dangerous.
Mm, you mentioned something about the "Interastral Tournament Festival" — what is that?
Sounds like the association really cares about their players.
That's right! Any idea where we can give it a spin?
Uh... is it that difficult? Wait, does this game suck?
Thanks for introducing yourself, Mr. Giovanni Di... something something...
You seem like a pretty important person. What brings you to this kind of place?
Hmm... weird mask, strange vibes, a little out of touch...
I suppose... Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Giovanni.
Yeah... but he really doesn't seem like a bad guy.
Is that all you care about!?
Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Giovanni.
Actually... I have a question.
You've been explaining a lot about the venue, but I'm still confused about the game. Can we actually give it a go?
Hey, that's enough! Picking on a kid, are we?
Don't sweat it — leave them to us.
Hah! I had a feeling you'd say that!
Not to worry! Mr. Giovanni will explain it all, right?
Mr. Giovanni is right! Now's our chance to check out this game and see if it lives up to the hype.
We sure showed those troublemakers who's boss! Are you okay, Eric?
Good. Why were those IPC workers threatening you?
I was wondering the same thing. Why would they pick on someone half their size?
Here we go.... Let's save the victory speeches for later.
So, Eric, why did they threaten you like that. What happened?
Yeah, they mentioned Miss Topaz! What's that all about?
Huh!? Would Miss Topaz stoop so low? I can't believe she'd be that desperate...
I suppose that means this coin doesn't belong to Miss Topaz after all. I wonder whose it could be... it doesn't seem to have any info on it...
Hey, have you forgotten your manners?
I see. Well, when you put it that way... looks like we'll hold onto it for now. What do you think, Mr. Giovanni?
You're right! Let me see, how does this coin work again...?
Aha! There we go!
It's a... Warp Trotter?
Huh? Looks like the little guy's scared...
Looks like it didn't work...
I... I'm not good at this kind of thing! I think it's best if you do it...
But wouldn't that mean getting rid of them!? Ugh...
Awesome! I knew you wouldn't abandon such a cute and defenseless creature!
...No way! I won't let you!
Alrighty then, let's take this little fella with us to the festival! Now, I think it's time we came up with a catchy name for them...
I'll lend you an extra brain cell.
Uh... That's like naming your cat "cat."
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
...How imaginative...
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
Ooh, that's a good one, I like it!
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
Ooh, that's a good one, I like it!
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
No problem, take your time.
Really? Sounds a little...
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
Really? Sounds a little...
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
Really? Sounds a little...
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
Really? Sounds a little...
It's up to you... Do you wanna try something different?
No problem, take your time.
No problem, take your time.
Look, look! They're reacting — seems like they really like this name!
Alrighty then {TEXTJOIN#54}, even though I don't know where you're from or how you got here, let's go and win that tournament!
Of course, it'd be even better if we could unravel the mystery of your past along the way!
Ugh, come on, stop fooling around.
Happy?
It seems kinda complicated...
Pretty impressive... So if we encounter any problems, we'll know who to turn to for help⁓
...Back to copying me, huh?
Okay, looks like we've learned all the essentials — let the fun begin!
Let's head towards the first Victory Zone — Corridor of Fading Echoes!
That uniform... Was it him that texted you?
...Such a huge area.
The atmosphere here is so different now... It's so lively!
This is it! The entrance to the Corridor of Fading Echoes Victory Zone!
I just looked up some tips on the Interastral Network — these Victory Zones are leased by the IPC and the Gaming Association from various planets. The IPC's reach is impressive...
Can't wait to find out what's inside these Victory Zones!
Mr. Giovanni, I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
Really? We know you're pretty busy...
Hehe~ That's us all right!
Yikes, sweet talk alert... But it's true, thank you, Mr. Giovanni!
A compliment!? Continue...
Taking every chance to pat yourself on the back, I see.
Serval, Pela! Has it really been that long!?
Huh, so is this game already popular in Belobog?
Hmm~ After seeing this special modification... I can't help but wonder, do all Victory Zones have a similar kind of setup?
Yeah! Grand champs in the house!
Uh... I hope we haven't just jinxed ourselves.
Woo! Yeah! Let's...
Geez, did you join the Antimatter Legion when I wasn't looking?
Thank you, Mr. Giovanni.
With me here it was a walk in the park!
...but that is what we're here for! That Mastery Mark is ours!
Yeah, it was all me!
Eh-he, to be honest, we don't actually know...
...but it seemed like some IPC troublemakers were out to get them — that's why {TEXTJOIN#54} is tagging along with us — we're looking after them.
Serval, you seem to know more about Aether Spirits than us — can you tell us what's up with this little guy?
I see... Perhaps if we were able to find Miss Topaz, she'd be able to give us some clues.
Hehe, thanks Pela — we'll do our best!
Yeah, who's that? Are they some sort of gaming prodigy?
Oh, please! It's pretty clear they're not talking about you...
Giovanni? I wonder what he's up to...
Okay, that's weird...
Ha~ Now that battle was really intense! Those puzzles were such a blast, too — I think I'm hooked!
Great minds really do think alike!
What's the matter? I thought you were having fun.
Well, if you're not into it, could you at least keep me company...? Pleeeease! It's not like we get to celebrate these kinds of festivals every day...
Hmm, Let me see... Our next stop should be the Cloudford Victory Zone!
Buuuut it's already getting late... How about we head back to Goethe Hotel for a bit and then set out on the Express tomorrow?
I mean, it's not often we get the chance to stay there — and I really miss their pillows!
Great! Fluffy pillows here we come!
Ahhhh, Goethe Hotel~ Home sweet home!
Hey, what is it, {TEXTJOIN#54}?
Ugh, you two again!? We're minding our own business — you're the ones going around stealing people's Aether Spirits!
{TEXTJOIN#54} is like family now! Why would we just hand them over to someone like you?
Yeah! If you think you've got what it takes, then bring it on!
If you think you've got what it takes, then bring it on!
Hey, come back! We want to ask you something!
...What's with these people!? They talk the talk then run off with their tails between their legs...
...and what did poor {TEXTJOIN#54} do to end up in their bad books?
Aww, don't worry, it's all right, they're gone now. It's just too bad we couldn't get any clues about our little friend {TEXTJOIN#54}...
Ugh, seriously! I was in such a good mood, too, until they came along and spoiled it...
You're right, we've had a long day. Let's just get some rest and forget about them.
Hey, look, it's Mr. Giovanni!
Hey, where are you going? The Snowshine Lamps are the other way.
Hah, me too.
Huh? You don't look that tired to me... Stop playing around.
Since we're all refreshed, ready to head out for the day?
Cloudford Victory Zone — here we come!
We've arrived! From here we need to take a starskiff to the Cloudford Victory Zone.
It's hard to imagine that the Xianzhou Alliance actually agreed to accommodate the IPC's request, don't you think?
Hmm, I guess you're right... maybe it isn't such a big deal.
Yeah, that makes sense... General Jing Yuan knows how to handle things.
Here we go! We'll have another Mastery Mark in no time!
You must be pretty tired, Mr. Giovanni.
Someone's full of energy! You... don't look like a Xianzh—
Hey! This level of gaming is just perfect for me!
...There's nothing wrong with being a casual player.
Really? Are you doing this on purpose?
It's pretty simple: We just need to snap photos of all the markings in the Victory Zone — right?
Hehe, Guinaifen's enthusiasm is super contagious, I hope we bump into her again.
Ha? We haven't even started fighting yet!
Hehe... To be honest, we don't actually know where {TEXTJOIN#54} came from either. They're not your average Aether Spirit. {TEXTJOIN#54} has their own personality!
We swooped in and rescued them from the clutches of the IPC, and then off we went on our adventure together... We're hoping to unravel their origins during the tournament.
Speaking of which, Master Gongshu — what do you make of them? You're the best artisan in the whole commission, maybe you can pick up on something?
No need to apologize, Master Gongshu! I'm sure we'll figure out the truth behind {TEXTJOIN#54} sooner or later!
Huh... him again? I wonder why Mr. Giovanni didn't tell us face to face when he had the chance?
I understand... Thanks, Master Gongshu!
{RUBY_B#Followers of Enigmata}The Riddlers{RUBY_E#}? I don't think so... Judging by his appearance, it's more likely he's linked to the {RUBY_B#Followers of Elation}Masked Fools{RUBY_E#}...
I mean... it's possible. But I can't help but wonder why he's so keen for us to speed up.
Yeah... you could be right about that. Is he convinced we'll run into the elusive "elite player," or something?
I guess that's possible, he could be a Masked Fool after all...
Ugh... why do I feel like we're being played? Anyway, let's forget about it for now, we can ask him in person next time we see him.
Don't you guys have anything better to do!? What did we do this time?
That's right, we'd never sell out our friend!
Right! Why waste your time?
Are you kidding!? Nuh-uh, no way!
They managed to get away again... Ugh, I have a feeling this won't be the last we see of them...
Well, we're back... Just being here again is enough to make me feel dizzy...
I hope the IPC made an effort to create some easy-to-follow routes for the players this time...
Is that... Mr. Giovanni?
Hehe, I was hoping you'd say that~
Hmph, you look ready enough to me. Hey... are you messing with me again?
Come on, let's head to our next destination — Herta Space Station Victory Zone!
We made it! From here, we can head to the space station's Victory Zone. Hmm... the atmosphere doesn't seem to have changed much — doesn't have that tournament vibe.
It's time to get the next Mastery Mark!
Thank you, Mr. Giovanni. While you're here... mind if we ask you a few questions?
No, no! Not that...
What!? What's that got to do with anything!?
Mr. Giovanni, have you been deliberately guiding us towards a certain goal?
You keep asking the champions of each venue to give us cryptic hints, don't you? What's that all about?
That's...
...Alright. I guess we'll just have to trust you... for now.
And there he goes again... I just wonder how much of what he says is true.
Yeah, he's gone... Wait a sec, who're you!?
Wait... Are you that Stellaron Hunter hacker girl? What are you doing here!?
So Mr. Giovanni really is a member of the Masked Fools? No wonder...
Hmm... sounds like you know a lot about him?
Huh? Is this a broadcast?
Little miss pink... What's that supposed to mean!?
Seriously? And what about you? She just intentionally ignored you!? Hmph!
...Pretty convenient.
...She left, just like that?
Alright, let's get moving. We should follow Herta's instructions.
...Who're you calling little miss pink!?
Wait, seriously? Can we do that?
...
Yeah... feels like we're missing something...
I was wondering, Madam Herta, why did you become a championship contender?
Ugh, do trailblazers not understand sarcasm?
I was wondering, Madam Herta, why did you become a championship contender?
Seems like {TEXTJOIN#54} can sense some kind of danger... One last question, please?
This Warp Trotter — I mean — Aether Spirit... they've been acting a little strange. Do you have any idea what the reason could be?
...Not even the Genius Society can figure it out. Why did {TEXTJOIN#54} end up this way?
Did you remember something!?
Uh... Why would he say that?
I mean, it does sound like something a Masked Fool might do...
Really? The Stellaron Hunter girl did say he was a Masked Fool... and it seems like a stunt they'd pull...
Ugh... It feels like Mr. Giovanni has been stringing us along the whole time!
Okay... Thanks Madam Herta.
Uh... Is that your phone?
Huh? Wilder? Didn't he mention something about Topaz's Support Squad and the Aether Spirit?
Well, we'd better go find him then. Back to Belobog it is...
No problem, we were in the area anyway. What did you want to discuss with us?
Ah! {TEXTJOIN#54}! How did you get out again?
Mm, I was wondering the same thing.
...Is that really the main takeaway from all this?
So... why do {TEXTJOIN#54} has their own personality?
Whew... Give me a second to wrap my head around all of this...
Let me get this straight, you're saying {TEXTJOIN#54} is just like all other Aether Spirits — a replica of a real-life creature, and the reason for its unique personality is because of an oversight by the game's project team?
...
I...
I'm really torn... but I suppose returning {TEXTJOIN#54} back to Asta is the right thing to do...
I just can't help but... feel a little attached — even if they are only an Aether Spirit.
Hmm... Asta and {TEXTJOIN#54}...
Are you sure that's alright?
Thank you so much, Mr. Wilder! We'll cherish every moment.
I was so close to bursting into tears! That would've been embarrassing...
...Don't you have anything nice to say!?
Mm... Too late, the moment's gone!
Let's call it a day, shall we? And since we're in Belobog, it means another night at the Goethe Hotel!
Tomorrow we'll set out for the final stop — the Great Mine Victory Zone. The championship is so close, I can almost feel it!
I can't shake the feeling that we missed something today. Maybe I'm just overthinking...
Mr. Giovanni... Again? What's he up to this time?
Look, Wilder's over there!
Hey, isn't that a Wubbaboo?
Wait a minute, so we're actually looking for Wubbaboos, not passes?
Look, another service robot!
Another Wubbaboo! It's definitely holding onto another pass!
Another Wubbaboo! ...It's crying?
Another Wubbaboo! Let's have a chat with it.
Great~
Hehe... Thanks for sticking with me through everything.
Let's do this! Great Mine, here we come!
The Great Mine's just down here. The IPC should have the venue all sorted by now.
Alright then, let's go get our ticket to the championship!
I knew we missed something yesterday – turns out I was right: We forgot to teach you guys a lesson!
Yeah, {TEXTJOIN#54} is not going anywhere!
Yeah! We're not the ones to blame. Did you think we're just gonna hand {TEXTJOIN#54} over willingly!?
...No talking!
{TEXTJOIN#54} is our friend, and we're not giving them to you!
Also, does Miss Topaz even approve of your so-called "support squad"?
So it's up to us...? But, Miss Asta is {TEXTJOIN#54}'s owner...
It... sounds like it? But, Miss Asta is {TEXTJOIN#54}'s owner...
Hehe... Thanks to both of you for understanding.
Looks like {TEXTJOIN#54} thinks so, too.
Miss Topaz, what brings you here? Do you also play Aetherium Wars?
Now that I think of it, Mr. Giovanni mentioned that the previous tournament champion was defeated by the elite player...
So, who exactly is this elite player?
Tell me about it... Dealing with a Masked Fool is exhausting...
Seriously, these financially fortunate types are starting to get on my nerves...
The guide Miss Topaz mentioned could have important information for us.
Is... this the guide?
What does Director Topaz think about us having to take on her support squad?
Haha... Sometimes you just have to laugh at the absurdity of it all.
Hey, the guide is on the move, let's keep up!
Look at them, standing there like statues! It might be tricky getting around these two.
What!?
A... mine cart?
Wh—What's brilliant?
What do we need a mine cart for?
Come on, say something already.
...
...
...Ohhhh! I get it!
Hehe, for once!
C'mon, you still haven't figured it out?
Alright, it's like this. All we need to do is load the robot onto the mine cart...
...give it a little push... and then kaboom! They'll never see it coming!
What do you think? It's the perfect plan~
Mr. Giovanni! I guess it's not that surprising...
Mr. Giovanni? Seems like my hunch was right all along...
Wait, wait, wait — you're not even a little bit surprised by this?
Are you finally going to tell us?
Phew... Miss Topaz wasn't kidding... Mr. Giovanni really knows his stuff!
Yeah... Surely we've earned it?
...Hey, slow down! We still have questions that need answering!
So... what's the special connection between you and the player, then?
Who could it be...? Going to all this effort just to meet us?
Don't you remember what Mr. Giovanni said? This player beat the last reigning champion — it can't be her...
...Or he wasn't telling us the truth?
We've met so many people on our journey, there's no way we'll be able to narrow it down...
Could we tone down the narcissism just a tad?
Mr. Giovanni is right, we got all the Victory Zone Mastery Marks... All we need to do now is wait for the final showdown!
Looks like {TEXTJOIN#54} is also ready.
Then what are we waiting for? Let's go grab ourselves the title!
Looks like {TEXTJOIN#54} is also ready.
Let's do it! Time to end the mystery once and for all!
Looks like {TEXTJOIN#54} is also ready.
Alright then, let's bring this journey to a close!
Isn't that Topaz's Support Squad?
Sounds like we did it. Let's press on.
...I've gotta say, this puzzle is pretty unorthodox...
I think I'm starting to get the hang of this...
Is it just me, or does the guide sound like it's enjoying itself?
...Now!
What are you waiting for!? Hurry up or they'll start getting suspicious!
Yay, we did it!
There should be a lamp nearby. Inserting a thermic core should do the trick.
Woah, it actually works!
Alright, this one's done! Let's go find the next lamp~
Seriously? Who puts a lamp there... There's no way we can directly load the thermic core into this one...
Why don't we try using the lamps' heat-transferring properties?
Aha, so that's how it's done.
Isn't this lamp a little too obvious? It's like it's just begging us to be lit...
There must be another lamp hiding around here somewhere...
Woo! Is that it? Looks like we solved all the puzzles in this Victory Zone.
Aha! I've just received a message from Serval and Pela — it seems they're ready for us!
That's two down already! But seriously, I can't help but notice how... confusing this place is...
See that robot over there, the one that looks like a jellyfish? That's probably one of the service robots Madam Herta was talking about, right?
C'mon, let's go talk to it and get the first Treasure Map.
Isn't this an encryption key for the elevator? With this, we should be able to use the elevator to reach the first floor of the storage zone.
That Wubbaboo we just saw... It seemed a little upset. I wonder what Madam Herta did to the poor thing?
Aha, the next Treasure Map just came in by text — let's get a move on. We need to hunt down the next pass!
That Wubbaboo looked so upset. What happened to it...
I'm sending you the next treasure map, let's go find the next pass.
That Wubbaboo back there seemed quite happy... it must mean we're doing something right.
We've collected all three passes now — that should mean we've solved all the puzzles in the Victory Zone.
Seems the devs forgot to include a surrender option...
We're not done with you yet!
Gah! Hook, say something — you're freaking me out!
...Wow, things are getting tense!
Good! Seeing you so full of energy makes me less nervous, hehe.
Hmm, I just hope that doesn't affect your performance today!
Let's get going, to the Interastral Tournament Festival venue!
Looks like {TEXTJOIN#54} is really fired up! Let's take a look around while we get ready.
Whoa... this atmosphere is crazy!
Heh, thanks, I hope so~
The next contest is starting soon — let's go to the prep zone.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Well, technically there aren't any seats... But anyways!
It's the Stellaron Hunter girl... I can see her on the big screen, but where is she in the arena?
Haha, you think we scared her off?
She's hacked into the speakers!
Can you believe her!?
So, even the mighty Stellaron Hunter is willing to admit defeat, huh...
Wait a sec, does that mean we've reached the grand final?
Nice, sounds like we've got a few fans out there too!
Nice, sounds like we've got a few fans out there too!
...They like that!?
Did we win!?
Not yet — don't forget the elite player that Mr. Giovanni mentioned.
That's right... we're still waiting for Mr. Giovanni's mysterious elite player to show herself.
Is it a message from Mr. Giovanni?
"Everwinter Hill..." What's with all the secrecy? Do we really have to go all the way out there to have a chat...?
He's done right by us so far... Shall we head over?
Huh, another challenge?
Do you think... they're here to welcome us?
Haha, it's a champions' welcome!
Who knows? I mean, we are the champions!
Yeah, yeahhhh, if you say so⁓
Just wait until you're a bit older, Hook — then you can go wherever you want~
Huh? Wh—What's going on?
Uh... you might have found the wrong person.
Ahem, I... I mean, I appreciate the compliments... but what's with the flattery all of a sudden?
Yeah? What's this all about?
You guys sure have a toxic company culture over at the IPC...
Miss Topaz! Miss Asta!
Thanks, guys!
Hah! Speak for yourself!
Huh, there's a cash prize?
Oh! That's right, I almost forgot...
I'm guessing... you two came to talk about them, right?
Witness our decision?
...
Thanks, Miss Asta. But I... I'm not sure I should...
...Right?
...Yeah. So what?
...I understand.
Well... Miss Asta, we've made our decision.
Nice!
Well... Miss Asta, we've made our decision.
That settles it then. Thanks for sticking by me throughout all this...
The journey may be short, but the memories will last forever~
Wow... this place is really lively...
Look, it's Wilder! He should be able to get us registered for the competition.
Ah! Looks like it's about to start. Let's make our way over to the arena!
...Her again!?
...Mr. Giovanni!
...The stage is set, this is our moment.
Brrrr... it's freezing! And this place feels different somehow...
It's eerie how quiet it is here... It's kinda creepy...
Hey, is it just me or is the snowfall getting heavier?
We must be close... I wonder who she is?
One down already! We're on fire!
Let's go find the next one~
Another one down!
Let's look for the next one!
Are you all right? Can you hear me? Do you remember your name?
Aw, this isn't good... Can you try harder? I'm sure you can at least remember your name...
Hmmmm...
Hi, I'm Welt Yang. If there's something you need help with, you can come find me anytime.
Hm? Still half asleep? Don't force yourself. You should get some more rest.
Can't sleep? I understand — inspiration always comes knocking in the small hours. It's hard to ignore, right?
I was an animator for eight years — my life was pretty routine. I guess it was a little dull compared with adventuring, but work is a very worthwhile thing. It brings dreams to life.
*sigh* It's a long story, and it involves a lot of people and incidents that everyone would like to forget about, haha. Best not to talk about it. In essence, I got lost in the universe, but was fortunate enough to come across Himeko driving the Express.
Oh, there's a lot to say there. They only aired that series on my home world — I don't know if there's anywhere else in the universe that'd have it... I can use my mimicry power to show you a few episodes, but I can't guarantee the resolution.
Researching history and producing animations... I'd say they go hand in hand.
Y'know {NICKNAME}, you remind me of the main character in a cartoon or something — you seem to attract companions out of thin air... *sigh* I hope you don't mind me saying that. It's just... it seems like my own chances of going on an adventure have plummeted again...
My home was corroded by a force known as Honkai, but that hasn't stopped it from being a warm and beautiful world.
Do you know how the followers of Qlipoth the Preservation became the Interastral Peace Corporation? The Aeon wanted to build a wall, and humanity started searching for building materials so they could follow in Qlipoth's footsteps... it's pretty funny when you think about it.
March is curious about everything, and she's always getting me to do combat poses. She thinks I pull them off pretty well, apparently. You think so too? Hmm...
He's safe. I know he has his doubts... but he's one of the crew now. Himeko and I won't let anyone harm him.
Himeko's the kind of person that... gives off her own light. Even though we're traveling across the train's old route, you can see Himeko's dreams flashing before her eyes when you look at her. It's almost as if she's been on the train from the very beginning — always moving starward.
Pom-Pom's always there to lend a helping hand, but I'd refrain from teasing them if I were you. The last person that did that...
There is a quote I like very much that I would like to share with him: "The cosmos is vast beyond compare, containing an infinite number of possibilities. An individual's fate shouldn't be limited to a single path ordained by heaven."
New adventures, new friends... Great, isn't it?
The passion of yesteryear isn't all that returned...
In the immense sea of stars, we too will leave our mark.
After spending so much time with everyone, I feel like I'm starting to age backwards.
As the protagonist of your own story, it's up to you to overcome and forge ahead.
I don't often get the chance to fight alongside you, Himeko. It's time to show everyone what we can do.
Having you here gives me peace of mind, Dan Heng. Still, best not to push yourself too hard.
Having you here gives me peace of mind, Dan Heng. Still... I'll stop nagging.
Youthful energy is a good thing... but I'd appreciate a heads-up before you make any moves, March.
Seems you need to experience some hardship.
Stay calm.
Leave the rest to me.
Better make a choice.
Stand down.
Calm your body and mind.
I'm fine.
That won't stop me...
You know nothing of the weight behind this power.
Witness the stars shatter before you... Survive or be destroyed, there is no other choice.
I'll leave the rest... to you...
I can't relax just yet.
Timely treatment.
Stay.
The galaxy is vast beyond compare.
Interesting.
You don't see these every day...
Well figured out.
Enemy ahead... No harm in trying.
The next destination...? Up to you.
You can still walk away.
I won't go easy on you!
This will definitely come in handy.
Now, that's talent.
Hi, I'm Welt Yang. If there's something you need help with, you can come find me anytime.
Hm? Still half asleep? Don't force yourself. You should get some more rest.
Can't sleep? I understand — inspiration always comes knocking in the small hours. It's hard to ignore, right?
I was an animator for eight years — my life was pretty routine. I guess it was a little dull compared with adventuring, but work is a very worthwhile thing. It brings dreams to life.
*sigh* It's a long story, and it involves a lot of people and incidents that everyone would like to forget about, haha. Best not to talk about it. In essence, I got lost in the universe, but was fortunate enough to come across Himeko driving the Express.
Oh, there's a lot to say there. They only aired that series on my home world — I don't know if there's anywhere else in the universe that'd have it... I can use my mimicry power to show you a few episodes, but I can't guarantee the resolution.
Researching history and producing animations... I'd say they go hand in hand.
Y'know {NICKNAME}, you remind me of the main character in a cartoon or something — you seem to attract companions out of thin air... *sigh* I hope you don't mind me saying that. It's just... it seems like my own chances of going on an adventure have plummeted again...
My home was corroded by a force known as Honkai, but that hasn't stopped it from being a warm and beautiful world.
Do you know how the followers of Qlipoth the Preservation became the Interastral Peace Corporation? The Aeon wanted to build a wall, and humanity started searching for building materials so they could follow in Qlipoth's footsteps... it's pretty funny when you think about it.
March is curious about everything, and she's always getting me to do combat poses. She thinks I pull them off pretty well, apparently. You think so too? Hmm...
He's safe. I know he has his doubts... but he's one of the crew now. Himeko and I won't let anyone harm him.
Himeko's the kind of person that... gives off her own light. Even though we're traveling across the train's old route, you can see Himeko's dreams flashing before her eyes when you look at her. It's almost as if she's been on the train from the very beginning — always moving starward.
Pom-Pom's always there to lend a helping hand, but I'd refrain from teasing them if I were you. The last person that did that...
There is a quote I like very much that I would like to share with him: "The cosmos is vast beyond compare, containing an infinite number of possibilities. An individual's fate shouldn't be limited to a single path ordained by heaven."
New adventures, new friends... Great, isn't it?
The passion of yesteryear isn't all that returned...
In the immense sea of stars, we too will leave our mark.
After spending so much time with everyone, I feel like I'm starting to age backwards.
As the protagonist of your own story, it's up to you to overcome and forge ahead.
I don't often get the chance to fight alongside you, Himeko. It's time to show everyone what we can do.
Having you here gives me peace of mind, Dan Heng. Still, best not to push yourself too hard.
Having you here gives me peace of mind, Dan Heng. Still... I'll stop nagging.
Youthful energy is a good thing... but I'd appreciate a heads-up before you make any moves, March.
Seems you need to experience some hardship.
Stay calm.
Leave the rest to me.
Better make a choice.
Stand down.
Calm your body and mind.
I'm fine.
That won't stop me...
You know nothing of the weight behind this power.
Witness the stars shatter before you... Survive or be destroyed, there is no other choice.
I'll leave the rest... to you...
I can't relax just yet.
Timely treatment.
Stay.
The galaxy is vast beyond compare.
Interesting.
You don't see these every day...
Well figured out.
Enemy ahead... No harm in trying.
The next destination...? Up to you.
You can still walk away.
I won't go easy on you!
This will definitely come in handy.
Now, that's talent.
Hi, I'm Welt Yang. If there's something you need help with, you can come find me anytime.
Hm? Still half asleep? Don't force yourself. You should get some more rest.
Can't sleep? I understand — inspiration always comes knocking in the small hours. It's hard to ignore, right?
I was an animator for eight years — my life was pretty routine. I guess it was a little dull compared with adventuring, but work is a very worthwhile thing. It brings dreams to life.
*sigh* It's a long story, and it involves a lot of people and incidents that everyone would like to forget about, haha. Best not to talk about it. In essence, I got lost in the universe, but was fortunate enough to come across Himeko driving the Express.
Oh, there's a lot to say there. They only aired that series on my home world — I don't know if there's anywhere else in the universe that'd have it... I can use my mimicry power to show you a few episodes, but I can't guarantee the resolution.
Researching history and producing animations... I'd say they go hand in hand.
Y'know {NICKNAME}, you remind me of the main character in a cartoon or something — you seem to attract companions out of thin air... *sigh* I hope you don't mind me saying that. It's just... it seems like my own chances of going on an adventure have plummeted again...
My home was corroded by a force known as Honkai, but that hasn't stopped it from being a warm and beautiful world.
Do you know how the followers of Qlipoth the Preservation became the Interastral Peace Corporation? The Aeon wanted to build a wall, and humanity started searching for building materials so they could follow in Qlipoth's footsteps... it's pretty funny when you think about it.
March is curious about everything, and she's always getting me to do combat poses. She thinks I pull them off pretty well, apparently. You think so too? Hmm...
He's safe. I know he has his doubts... but he's one of the crew now. Himeko and I won't let anyone harm him.
Himeko's the kind of person that... gives off her own light. Even though we're traveling across the train's old route, you can see Himeko's dreams flashing before her eyes when you look at her. It's almost as if she's been on the train from the very beginning — always moving starward.
Pom-Pom's always there to lend a helping hand, but I'd refrain from teasing them if I were you. The last person that did that...
There is a quote I like very much that I would like to share with him: "The galaxy is vast beyond compare, containing an infinite number of possibilities. An individual's fate shouldn't be limited to a single path ordained by heaven."
Fragmentum activity is intensifying... Something's happening on Jarilo-VI.
Shouldn't we go down there, Himeko?
So you think they'll be safe, right?
Jumps are like this: They may feel novel the first few times, but you'll slowly get used to them after a few more.
As for the mechanism... Well, if you're interested, I'll explain it to you in detail when we have more time.
For now, just sit and wait. Remember to close your eyes — it helps with the dizziness.
The results of the preliminary analysis are here — the anomaly stems from a Stellaron, as always.
The only thing we can say for sure is that their arrival causes massive changes to civilizations and ecosystems. They also generate distortions in space such as Fragmentums.
There must be an inextricable connection between the Stellaron we're dealing with here, and Jarilo-VI becoming a frozen planet.
It's empowering, looking out at a world from a window like this...
...but when you set foot on the planet itself, you realize how small and helpless you really are — just like them.
So it's still not our turn...
Ever since the Destruction sowed Stellarons across the universe, many worlds have changed.
Nanook the Destruction, Yaoshi the Abundance, Terminus the Finality... I've seen and learned a lot in my time, but I still struggle to understand some of the Aeons' actions.
What exactly are you Stellaron Hunters trying to do...? The Xianzhou Alliance aren't us — they won't give you time to explain. Once you draw the attention of {RUBY_B#Lan}The Hunt{RUBY_E#}, you become their prey. The Alliance will hunt you to the end of the universe...
...The Xianzhou Luofu? It belongs to the Hexafleet of the Xianzhou Alliance. We've heard of it.
What exactly are you Stellaron Hunters trying to do...? The Xianzhou Alliance aren't us — they won't give you time to explain. Once you draw the attention of {RUBY_B#Lan}The Hunt{RUBY_E#}, you become their prey. The Alliance will hunt you to the end of the universe...
How could the mighty Xianzhou Alliance be breached by a Stellaron...
Something's not right. The Xianzhou Alliance is a small faction, but one that derives its power directly from an Aeon. They have immense strength — much more than a train under the protection of the fallen Akivili.
Stellarons can lead to the collapse of stars scattered throughout the universe, but the Xianzhou has Lan, The Hunt on their side. I struggle to believe that Stellarons pose a threat in the eyes of the Aeons.
Either the Stellaron Hunters are lying, or... there's an even bigger threat lurking on the Xianzhou Luofu...
...
It's fair to say that it ranks highly among the known forces in the universe.
The Path of The Hunt is narrow and doesn't stand out among the other Paths, but the Alliance enjoys the direct blessing of the Aeon. The six great ships of the Xianzhou are like brothers in arms.
Its power is much greater than those factions that simply draw their strength from the Paths themselves.
...
This is big. I'm coming with you this time.
This is big. I'm coming with you this time.
Something's not right — the Xianzhou has Lan The Hunt's blessing. I struggle to believe that Stellarons pose a threat in the eyes of the Aeons...
...Which means either the Stellaron Hunters are lying, or... there's an even bigger threat lurking on the Xianzhou Luofu.
The Alliance is made up of six great ships, all following Lan, The Hunt. Its mission is to eliminate the Aeon of Abundance.
Lan doesn't rank among the more powerful Aeons — the concept of the Path of The Hunt is narrow... but in contrast with the other Aeons, THEY pay close attention to mortals. Lan grants strength to the Xianzhou Alliance without reservation.
It follows that the Alliance's marshal and six generals are in no way inferior to Lord Ravagers.
I guess it doesn't matter if I tell you now... Our original destination was a place called Penacony. The records on the Express indicate that it's a prison planet used by the IPC to exile criminals — at least that's how it was in the days of Akivili.
When the Cancer of All Worlds broke out, the IPC lost control of Penacony, and the planet sought refuge under Xipe the Harmony. Now it's a member of "The Family."
Penacony is holding an event, and The Family sent an invitation to the Express. Himeko intends to accept the invitation, so we were planning to travel there as guests, not Trailblazers.
...But alas, for now we're changing our bearings and heading for the Xianzhou.
Alright, alright, I think we're all used to March's modus operandi by now.
...Don't worry.
...Something's not right.
Still the automated signal?
We should get going. Himeko, stay vigilant back here on the Express.
Before we set off, I need to clarify the aim of this journey with you...
The Stellaron Hunters have given us a lot to consider, and a lot to doubt... But the most important part of this expedition is—
Precisely.
The Stellaron Hunters clearly have ulterior motives. However, knowing what they're all about and given the focus of Kafka's words, I have no doubt that the Xianzhou is dealing with a Stellaron.
The Alliance and the Express haven't had any previous dealings, so our arrival might not receive the warmest welcome. But as Trailblazers, we're not in this for fame or gain — we just need to do everything in our power to assist the Xianzhou and eliminate the source of disaster.
Always keep that in mind, and don't forget the way of the trailblaze: Explore, understand, establish, and connect.
...Let's go!
Haha, you better believe it. You guys really put on a show for Jarilo-VI — I'm eager to join in myself.
I gotta say, there were more than a few times where I wanted to lend a hand... but Himeko said I should let you youngsters rise to the trailblazing challenges...
I know alright, but I can't tell you yet. Himeko wants to create a sense of mystery for you and March.
That I want to go to? ...My home world, I suppose. Sadly, its location doesn't appear on the Express' astral chart records, at least the ones that are undamaged.
In any case, I do want to see some other civilizations before I go home. It'd be a crime to waste this opportunity on the Express.
Get some rest on the Express. Jarilo-VI was not an easy ride.
Pom-Pom is of the opinion that we should leave as soon as possible to avoid potential resurgences of the anomalies we experienced earlier. Himeko and I agree.
That's right.
Be it joy or pain, success or regret, it's all part of the journey. Those feelings will accompany you as long as you tread on the Trailblaze, and one day you'll grow used to them.
It seems you have something on your mind. Let's hear it. I'd like to hear a fresh perspective myself... Hehe, as talkative as Himeko is, we've pretty much run out of topics.
I'm afraid not.
As I've mentioned before, the Stellaron's influence on Jarilo-VI is more profound than we might think. I don't think Belobog's fight against the lingering effects of the Stellaron will end any time soon.
But, the balance of power is tilting ever so slightly towards humanity, the crucial factor being the hope you brought about.
As intangible as it may sound, don't underestimate hope because the power it inspires has no limit. Like the Stellaron, it's a seed that may grow into something much bigger. But in my opinion, the fruit that hope bears will have a much bigger impact than that of the Stellaron.
Is that so? Well, I think you did the right thing. It's better to move forward with the burden of knowledge than to tread a perilous road with blind optimism.
I remember a distant world where the people were faced with unimaginable danger every single day. But they saved their planet time after time with wisdom and courage.
This goes to show how much of a difference ordinary people can make. I hope Jarilo-VI sees that too.
Hehe... I, too, wished to go with you. But Himeko insisted on letting you and your friends rise to the challenge.
I'd been observing what's happening on the ground from the Express, and I have to admit that I got sweaty palms a couple of times. I was glad to see you three meet friends you could trust and overcome hardships. Well done.
Himeko was calm from the very beginning. She kept telling me to trust you youngsters' decisions.
Hehe... And she was right. I really need to stop worrying so much.
Likewise. Get some sleep, we'll be heading off again soon.
Oh, it's you. How do you feel?
Great. Looks like your stamina is really quite special.
...I'll check you out in a minute.
Your body has been tampered with by the Stellaron Hunters. Perhaps that left behind some aftereffects.
Tasteful... Oh, you mean the train? I was asking how you felt physically.
You are right, though. Looking at the interior decoration, you can tell that trailblazers have quite good taste.
In any case, I have to thank you for saving March.
Heh, all I did was calm that thing inside you down temporarily...
...I don't want to frighten you, but the truth is you won't ever be in the clear while it is still inside your body.
It's good that you think so. Someone with that mindset and the actions to back it up — that is the true meaning of the word "hero."
Helping others without a second thought — that is the most important quality of a hero.
However, as long as the Stellaron is still in your body, you should be careful what you do. I don't know if Himeko and I can suppress it again.
But I won't bore you any longer. So much happened at the space station, you must be tired.
There should be some time until the next warp jump, so feel free to walk around and familiarize yourself with the environment.
This is your first time experiencing the warp jump, so a little discomfort is unavoidable.
If you're really anxious about it, I can stay here and have a chat with you.
About everyone on the Express? Who would you like to know about?
Haha, she's the owner of the Express. We joke around calling Pom-Pom the conductor, but everyone knows Himeko is the boss.
It all started with her encounter with the Astral Express, and they haven't been apart since then.
She's... extremely passionate, like a burning sun. However, she remains mysterious most of the time. Once in a while, you feel that she's burning herself out trying to accomplish her dream.
Only someone like her is worthy of the Astral Express. I think Himeko's vision of her whole life revolves around... a very important dream.
To be honest, I don't know when Pom-Pom appeared... I think it was before I came to the Express? No wait, maybe it was after...
Pom-Pom is like the spirit of the Astral Express. Whenever anyone on the Express needs help, they will appear immediately. It would be ill-advised to underestimate them.
Pom-Pom is terrifying when they get angry... Yes, terrifying...
Dan Heng is a lonely child. He may appear distant and cold, but his heart is kind. Perhaps, he's the way he is today because he spent so much time on the run. Sometimes, he reminds me of myself when I was young...
We don't know what he's running from. He once told me that he didn't know either. All he knew was that something was chasing him and that he had to run away — first from the Xianzhou, then the IPC.
So he boarded the ship of a troupe called the "Mourning Actors" and escaped the IPC. After a while he made his way to the Express, and he's stayed here longer than anywhere else.
Don't worry, no matter who or what wants to hurt Dan Heng, we won't let them. Those who dare attack members of the Astral Express should be prepared to suffer the wrath of me and Himeko.
Did Himeko tell you about March 7th? She was trapped in ice, floating through space. We happened upon her and rescued her.
It was a unique type of ice known as Six-Phased Ice — a substance that adheres to Imaginary Law, meaning that external forces cannot change its form.
Whoever sealed her inside the Six-Phased Ice... No matter who it is... did so either to protect or banish her. I believe she had been floating through space for some time.
It's impossible to trace the origin of this phenomenon. When it's observed by humans — or I should say once it begins to affect the physical world — it's already too late to reverse.
It's like a sudden storm that appears on a calm ocean. This phenomenon causes the smooth journey through the expanse to be filled with dangers.
The mechanism whereby this mutation and corrosion spreads is the Stellarons.
It promulgated rapidly like cancer cells, so the Interastral Peace Corporation named it the Cancer of All Worlds.
They are an army ruled by the Aeon of Destruction, Nanook.
As Nanook's followers, they stand against all life and civilization and execute the will of Destruction, disseminating chaos and calamity.
Their actions cannot be explained by reason, because their only motivation and purpose is to destroy.
The Fragmentums are a phenomenon of corrosion.
The mainstream school of thought is that Stellarons catalyzed the appearance of Fragmentums.
All matter and space that comes into contact with the Fragmentum will be turned into Fragmentum creations.
However, you don't have to feel too burdened. At the very least, the current state of the Stellaron in your body is very stable and will not cause distortion to the outside.
We need to make a few preparations before paying a visit to any of the six commissions. Rest assured, Miss Tingyun, we won't go anywhere. If you could inform Madam Yukong of our arrival first, we'll meet you at the palace entrance later.
Little miss fox moves at quite the pace — I can't keep up with her. *sigh* I've spent too long on the bench... Let's catch our breath for a while — we can expect a packed schedule ahead.
That might be a little harsh, but she does put her own interests first.
She did the right thing by not trusting us initially — we were an unknown quantity to her. As for the rush... my guess is she's just eager to get us out of her hair and further up the chain.
It'll be alright, we're not trying to stand in her way. We have nothing to hide from her.
Not so fast...
I need to give you two a heads up first. Our meeting with Madam Yukong won't be without risk. We need to be prepared and take it seriously.
No, the Xianzhou Alliance is better than that. But Madam Yukong will definitely have a string of difficult questions for us...
Why did we choose to come to the Xianzhou now? How did we know that the incident is related to a Stellaron? Who leaked their information to us...?
Careless answers mean distrust and potential hostility, which would make things much harder for us.
...Let's not do that.
March is right. If we're too scripted, it'll sound like we're hiding something.
Don't worry. We'll find a way through. Let me do the talking.
From what we've gathered, the influence of the Stellaron can still be contained.
If we can locate it in time and contain it, it's possible that we can restore any space — and any individuals — affected by the corrosion.
We have experience in preventing Stellaron disasters, and we've only come here to lend you that experience.
...But—
It's an honor to meet you, general. May I ask what the favor you spoke of is?
...
...{NICKNAME}, what do you think?
...Okay.
Hmm, I think we only scratched the surface of this General Jing Yuan...
I don't know about "strange," but my gut tells me something is off.
...
Oh? Care to elaborate?
He says he doesn't want outsiders getting involved in the Xianzhou's internal affairs, which is understandable.
...
Yes! There's something about this point...
He wants us to trust him. He took advantage of Yukong's frosty reception to play the good guy.
...
Theoretically, yes. But something feels off.
...
Ah, that's it! A minor detail, but curious. He avoided talking about Blade!
Since the Cloud Knights have already captured a Stellaron Hunter, why not use him to get to Kafka? Why rely on us?
The Xianzhou is reluctant to involve outsiders in the Stellaron disaster, so why is it so keen on letting us capture a Stellaron Hunter?
Yes. The only sensible conclusion I can draw is that Blade had already escaped when Jing Yuan spoke to us — provided they even captured him in the first place.
Therefore, given our connection to Kafka, we represent the only way of luring the Stellaron Hunters in.
That's why he asked for our help... He didn't want to let anyone else find out that Blade had already escaped!
Now that we've figured that out, perhaps we can get closer to the core of what's happening here.
This Jing Yuan... how much does he know, and how much is he hiding from us?
Easy, I know this probably brings back bad memories.
We should focus on our objective first. Seeing as Helm Master Yukong was extremely reluctant to get us involved, am I right to speculate that the Sky-Faring Commission has some leads on the whereabouts of Kafka?
Let's take advantage of the rest. It won't be easy to track down Kafka the Stellaron Hunter.
Don't take it to heart, March. Miss Fu Xuan seems like a reasonable lady — I'm sure she's not angry with you.
Okay, enough chit-chat. I reckon the Divination Commission could be a while — let's take a look around.
When we confronted Kafka, she seemed certain that Fu Xuan would show up...
That's a romantic way of putting it, but I suspect the reality could be more sinister...
The leader of the Stellaron Hunters is called Elio. No one knows who he is or what he looks like — only that the Interastral Peace Corporation calls him "Destiny's Slave."
It's said that he has the power to foresee "possibilities." According to Herta, the corporation believes Elio can see the temporal branching of infinite possibilities — which is very much like being able to predict the future...
...in fact, it may even be superior. If the rumors are true, every seemingly meaningless action taken by the Stellaron Hunters may actually be a choice based on those "possibilities."
I think that may be why the Stellaron Hunters won't leave you alone.
All of us are future variables, our choices solidifying reality. The future is nothing incredible either — just a fog waiting for us to make a decision.
Back to the matter at hand — Kafka...
Yes. It's strange for a fugitive to give themselves up, but a fugitive who can see the future? For her, perhaps that was the way it was always going to be...
...but is she really as calm as she seems? The future holds almost infinite possibilities, after all. I suspect she has proof that she has nothing to do with the Stellaron crisis.
Or perhaps something is supposed to transpire during the Divination Commission's interrogation — something that would allow her a window of escape...
*sigh* Why did the Stellaron Hunters go to such lengths to bring us here? What is the future that Destiny's Slave sees behind this course of action?
Sorry, I'm getting a little fixated. If you want to head out, we should go this way.
Maybe there's been a problem?
That's enough of that. Come on, let's go.
It wasn't too long. Seeing your enthusiasm for this "celestial jade" game has stoked my curiosity.
Sure!
It means the tree was as tall as the sky and stars hung from its branches.
So this is the Vidyadhara, I've only ever read about them. They're known as the dragon race... not hard to see why.
Long-range communication technology is still improving. Perhaps the presence of the Stellaron is affecting signal transmission.
In that case, it looks like someone wants to make things difficult for us. Since Kafka's here, I wouldn't be surprised if this turns out to be that Stellaron Hunter hacker girl's handiwork.
Using the environment to hide her traces... Our girl from the Sky-Faring Commission sure knows how to put up a challenge. Let's look around and see if we can find any other clues.
Diting should be able to pick up her traces now.
Understood. We won't put you out of your comfort zone, Miss Tingyun.
When we run into Kafka, we'll do the fighting — and the capturing for that matter. Thank you for showing us the way.
I think we've rounded up all our suspicious clues... but did Kafka leave them behind on accident or on purpose?
We should have enough clues here to get Diting on the move.
March, not so fast!
Admit it, Kafka. You planned for us to come here.
We're taking you to see the general of the Luofu. You can profess your innocence all you like, but the general will decide your fate.
We received an assignment from General Jing Yuan to arrest the Stellaron Hunter. Thank you, diviner, for coming to our aid, but we must escort the fugitive to the general.
Understood. However, the general promised that all intel would be shared with us. We have a right to know anything that Kafka divulges.
We won't make things anymore complicated than they need to be. We just want to listen in on the questioning.
...
It seems like Kafka predicted our every move... Stay alert, all of you. We could be walking into a trap.
I think it might be shipbuilding material leftover from the assembly line, though I can't tell exactly what the substance is... I don't think it's connected to Kafka.
Seems like a love poem to me.
Time is of the essence. The most important task for the Xianzhou Luofu is suppressing the Stellaron.
General Jing Yuan tasked the master diviner with commanding the Cloud Knights — he would've known she'd act on the results of her divination.
Indeed. Since General Jing Yuan tasked the master diviner with commanding the Cloud Knights, he must've known she'd act on the results of her divination.
It's hard to tell if the master diviner won or lost here.
...Not necessarily. There'd usually be a base with supporting forces set up after a successful engagement, but we don't see any of that.
Let's look around and see if we can find some clues.
The conflict is difficult, master diviner, but you have led your forces from the front lines and beyond in pursuit of the enemy. Admirable work.
This is why the Cloud Knights lost control and became mara-struck?
The Cloud Knights first assault was just a cover. You're using the main army to attract the enemy's attention, while we douse the elixir crucibles and stop the smoke.
Is this what General Jing Yuan meant by unexpected guests?
...
The flame we witnessed claimed to be Lord Ravager Phantylia — a name I've heard other Nameless speak of in the past.
She's one of seven Lord Ravagers who serve Nanook... and finds pleasure in witnessing the self-destruction of mortals. She's led countless souls down a dark and hopeless path.
I'm sorry March, I can't say with any certainty where the real Tingyun may be, or at what point she was replaced by the impostor. Without knowing where the body vanished to, it'll be tough to get an answer.
At this point, it's all just conjecture and hope. But if that body belonged to the real Tingyun, it does raise the question of why Phantylia would go to such lengths to destroy any evidence of her. Wouldn't it be more in line with her destructive nature to leave Tingyun's remains behind as a display of power?
I believe this to be Phantylia's goal — to sow seeds of doubt among us and ensnare us in a malevolent trap.
I don't believe so. Phantylia revels in watching a corrupted mind eating away its host from inside out, until the obliteration of both is achieved.
But there was no indication that Tingyun had been misguided or manipulated... It's possible that the Tingyun we knew wasn't her true self, but an image Phantylia devised to serve her own purposes.
We're reinforcements sent by the general. Where's everyone else?
...
...Let's go.
May he rest in peace.
That the Cloud Knights received orders not to advance is a bad sign. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... I've heard the name before. If memory serves, they're an underground sect of the Abundance that's said to have lain dormant within the Xianzhou, plotting to overthrow the Alliance...
The Stellaron has certainly caused Abundance-like abnormalities — is that what motivated the Disciples to come out of the shadows? No. The Knight's main force remains intact... Something must have happened — something we're not aware of. The master diviner isn't here — let's head into camp and see what we can learn from the troops here.
We probably need to present it with a command for it to act.
Your life is more important, Miss Tingyun. Go back, we can explain to the general.
Not thin enough. We need to hurry.
You...!
Even if the crisis on the Luofu had nothing to do with the Stellaron, I would be willing to help... but I can't speak for the other members of my crew.
Explore, understand, establish, and connect... As the crew of the Express, that's the trailblaze creed we follow. Still, when the journey gets tough, those words can feel far-off.
Fear, risk, enemies, and death are the obstacles we face in pursuit of the creed. That's why the Nameless who are able to stay the course number few indeed.
Whether our destination lies before us or behind us, the decision is ours to make. Here, as on the Express, every vote counts.
I knew you'd come. When we first mentioned the Xianzhou, there was a sad look in your eyes.
They may have banished you, but the Luofu is still your home.
You're a member of the Express Crew, Dan Heng. Let's settle this matter as soon as possible — our journey doesn't end here.
The Arbor is near, but if we can't complete this ceremony then we won't be able to get close.
Hmm... Did you notice the flagstone the creature was stepping on? I wonder if it has any connection to the seal...
Phantylia won't be stirring up trouble any time soon — don't worry about her infecting the Arbor again. It's just that sealing the Stellaron is going to take some time...
March, careful!
The Sleepless Earl... Was that the name of that teahouse at the port when we first got into town?
If we want to find it, maybe we should ask some Luofu locals.
About that bow — I think I know who Miss Tingyun intended to gift it to.
It's time to go back to Stargazer Navalia and see Madam Yukong.
Master Diviner, have you summoned us here just to sigh and complain?
On behalf of the Astral Express, I would like to thank you, Master Diviner.
I was about to make the same request, Master Diviner. Since the Arbor's resurrection, I'm sure the Alliance will be poring over every detail of the report. I fear that if the Astral Express gets dragged into matters, leaving will not be an easy task.
...I understand. Leave it with us.
If you can locate exactly where the Stellaron is within the Arbor, then the Express might be able to help out.
Things have come to a close for now. It's good that you came through unscathed.
The master diviner asked us to pass on this item of Tingyun's. I'll go to the Palace of Astrum and meet with Yukong. If neither of you has anything urgent, it'd be best if you came too.
How am I gonna break this to Madam Yukong...? Maybe she's already heard the news.
Madam Yukong must have heard about Miss Tingyun...
A "soul-soothing ceremony"?
Leave this to us, we'll take care of it as per your wishes, Madam Yukong.
There's nothing else... except a handful of seeds.
It looks like there's something printed on the bottom of the box... The Sleepless Earl. Let me think — where have I seen that name before?
...Yes. Now that the crisis has been averted and the ports are resuming operations, Miss Tingyun has been dispatched on business with the Sky-Faring Commission... out to other worlds.
We found this box of seeds among her belongings. I'm sure Miss Tingyun would have liked for you to have it.
Thank you for your generosity, General.
Himeko messaged me — the Express detected the Jade Gate's re-opening. She asked whether we'd be heading back any time soon.
She was also asking after you, Dan Heng. I think it'd be best for you to update her in person, don't you think?
From a universal perspective, there is little difference between the lives of long and short-life species. The transcendence that the Xianzhou pursues is nothing compared to the enduring majesty of the stars. And the grief felt here... is no different from our own.
This little excursion has reached its conclusion — all things must come to an end. Still, some endings spark a new beginning.
...Since when did the work roster just change like that?
Dan Heng and I will go back to the Express first. You and March finish up here and come back soon, alright?
Our time on the Xianzhou has come to an end. Back to the original plan, I suppose?
There probably won't be any surprises happening on Family territory, which is a bit of a shame if you ask me. But hey, it's rare that we can take a break and let loose. Let's enjoy it.
Well, adventures are exhilarating, but rest and recuperation is equally important.
Of course not! Adventures are exhilarating, but rest and recuperation is equally important.
Rest and recuperation aside, don't forget Pom-Pom's request. The conductor has done plenty for us, and it's time to return that favor.
Rest and recuperation aside, don't forget Pom-Pom's request. The conductor has done plenty for us, and it's time to return that favor.
We're sorry for all the trouble our check-in seems to have caused. Might I ask for your name?
Are you also a member of The Family on Penacony like him?
Thank you for stepping in to resolve this matter, but are you sure about the rooms? I wouldn't want your other guests to feel we were being given preferential treatment...
...Go on. We may be thinking of the same thing.
"The Family's esteemed guests are cordially invited to Penacony to participate in our grand celebration." That's why we're here in the first place.
I don't remember that part of the invite... You mean, there was a hidden message?
...A distress call method regularly used by the Nameless.
When did you discover this?
It's no wonder that IPC ambassador also mentioned this "Watchmaker." The invite he received must also have contained a hidden message, and it seems like he decoded it.
...There's something else on my mind. When the invite was brought up, that Family leader mentioned being one of the "actual administrators" of Penacony, and that it was their duty to "relieve" us of any problems.
In hindsight, there was more to that statement. He also had Miss Robin with him... I'm no singer, but her voice sounded a little strange... Would a singer really take to the stage if their voice wasn't in top shape?
It's possible. The fact that The Family sent out invites to the other factions is already unusual. And your discovery confirms that there could be a third party involved... I take back what I said: This "event" is becoming more interesting with each passing second.
Why didn't you tell the others?
But you said so yourself: This could concern the Trailblaze.
So I was the only one kept in the dark then.
Penacony's situation is getting complicated. Let's tread lightly.
Yes, your name isn't on the hotel's reservation list...
We've run into some trouble. Your name isn't on the hotel's reservation list...
Dan Heng...
Something came up in Dan Heng's schedule, and he couldn't make it. I have an idea — could you reassign his room? It's still the same number of people.
The decor in here's a little... loud for my tastes. So this is how astral high society does things, huh...?
They say he's a historically important figure in Penacony, and tales of his life have been handed down over generations. Such tales encourage believers to come to the Planet of Festivities to pursue their dreams. He's an interesting fellow, that's for sure, and his legacy still has the power to draw people in.
But how and why he's involved with that invite, and why his name popped up in the encrypted message allegedly sent by a Nameless... I've got no leads for now.
The Family believes in the Harmony, and their altruism is well-known across the stars — a trait that is intimately tied to Penacony's stability and prosperity.
But some factions have always been wary of The Family — suspecting that their benevolence and eloquence belie an ulterior motive... So far, it seems to me that The Family treats their guests with courtesy, so I don't think we need to worry about that for now.
The dream Penacony is divided into twelve moments. Personally, I'm interested in the Moment of Sol — it's a visual dreamscape steeped in Penacony's history and civilization.
Penacony's Grand Museum, the Primal Waking Library, the Paperfold Academy... The pasts that we chase may be stored in these places.
Past the guest room's Dreampool is the real Penacony. Let's get ready to move out. Pleasant dreams.
This is a long hallway... Is it just me, or is this hotel too big for its own good?
So, the one who attacked you was a girl dressed in red, adept at illusory arts, and was able to shapeshift...
It seems you know her well.
The Gallery of Thoughts — that's how the hotel staff referred to it.
You're right... I didn't give it much thought at first, but in hindsight, the overlap is hard to ignore.
...I see. That would explain the uneasiness we've sensed from The Family.
Leaving aside the question of guest safety, were this to become public, it would tarnish the name of the Planet of Festivities. With the Charmony Festival around the corner, it's no wonder they'd want to keep it under wraps.
...How do you see things, Himeko?
...Then it likely has something to do with the Watchmaker's invite.
Well, excluding any extreme scenarios, the mastermind responsible for these shifts in the dreamscape undeniably stands against The Family, which narrows it down to two possibilities...
Someone is drawing in external influences to distract and disrupt The Family's control over Penacony. Either that, or The Family has been forced to seek outside aid surreptitiously for self-preservation.
But from the encrypted message on the invite, and The Family's reaction... The former is more likely.
Well, let me tell you what I discovered, and I'm sorry — it's bad news.
According to reliable sources, some people spotted a tall silver-armored man on Penacony. I've reached out to the Bloodhound Family for news, and visited many of those guests who claimed to have seen this invader...
The situation is clear — the Planet of Festivities isn't what it seems on the surface. Everyone's sights, including the factions in The Family, are set on the Watchmaker's Legacy. Every party has its own motives, and they're attempting to thwart each other.
While we still don't know what this legacy entails, it's only a matter of time before the power struggle ensnares innocent bystanders.
The Molten Knight, Sam, is reportedly a remnant of Glamoth's Iron Cavalry — a genetically engineered warrior. He possesses superhuman perception and acts decisively — he'll leave no margin for error. This individual is every bit as dangerous as Kafka and Blade.
This message is a threat. The hidden map that Silver Wolf mentioned is probably the sealed dreamscape Hotel. For the sake of what's to come, a visit seems necessary.
We may be on amicable terms, but that doesn't mean they trust us... Let's act first and talk later.
Which is why I didn't suggest it initially. But the way things are now, the Astral Express has a reason to join the fray.
If The Family asks, just tell them that the Express is investigating the Stellaron Hunters — I'm sure they'll understand. We'll plan our next move according to how they react.
I'll stay in the real world to ensure everyone's safety. If needed, I will also parlay with The Family. I assume there's no problem, Miss Black Swan?
That Memokeeper obviously came here with an agenda. We should remain vigilant.
Reality cruises on in serenity, while undercurrents bubble up from the Dreamscape... just like that Memokeeper said...
...Stay strong, everyone. We can still do what we can for them... starting with finding the murderer.
But the murder that followed closely after was obviously beyond their anticipation. The Family had to try and turn things to their advantage by bringing in reinforcements from outside. The Charmony Festival is nearly here — they must be snowed under.
All the while accusing that Galaxy Ranger...
Indeed, he was particularly concerned about that Galaxy Ranger.
Look, let's try to gather intel first and then list all the possible outcomes we can. Then we go through them, eliminating contradictions one-by-one. The fewer facts remaining, the closer we are to the truth.
...I've still got this sense of foreboding. It's like we're stuck in a whirlpool — spinning around that Legacy even after everything that's happened...
He appealed convincingly to both reason and emotion. It wasn't forced, but the intent was obvious.
Still, it's good to have contacts among all this uncertainty. Aventurine showed his skills, and as far as our interests are aligned, he can become a reliable ally.
We also need to keep a certain distance from The Family — never let them get too close. Teaming up with the IPC helps balance that out — if either side makes a move, we have the option to pull out.
Yes... It's risky, but we can only wait until both sides have played their cards before making any further judgments.
Aventurine said something that concerns me...
He accused that Galaxy Ranger of killing Robin without any evidence whatsoever... but said nothing about her connection to that Memory Zone Meme, or why he was stalking you.
It was a groundless accusation... which only serves to make him seem more suspicious.
Maybe Aventurine's goal was never to gain our trust. Maybe he wanted to foster a feeling of enmity toward Acheron and make the situation more volatile... two birds one stone.
However, I asked Dan Heng back on the Express to confirm that story about the Annihilation Gang and the lost messages... It wasn't something that Aventurine made up out of thin air.
You've met her many times, now. What's your impression of Miss Acheron?
...That fits the stereotype of a Galaxy Ranger to a T.
They're eccentric, unpredictable, and fond of being alone. No wonder she's a suspect.
Whatever happens, please don't place all your trust in Aventurine. We cannot afford to be manipulated by him.
Looks like Aventurine doesn't need anything else — let's turn our attention to The Family's assignment for now. Himeko, what do you think?
How about we split off into two groups? There are still some things worth focusing on inside the Dreamscape — I'll investigate those and we can link up again later.
I will. Keep in touch.
...
Honored guest, could you come out for a second?
Forgive me. My name is Welt Yang — I'm one of the Crew Members on the Astral Express. I believe you've met my colleagues.
...Is there something about my name?
I already do, Miss Acheron. You're a prominent figure in Penacony.
Some claim that you're the real culprit behind these murders... that the Annihilation Gang's tragic fate at the banquet was a result of your blade... and that you're now attempting to unleash another bloodbath on Penacony.
Ifrit of Ever-Flame Mansion.
...Keen intuition. Not even The Family managed to point out the truth behind this cane.
So you must surely know, Miss Acheron, that peering into a black hole is not a wise move. As a potential threat, your knowledge of us has reached uncomfortable depths...
Reveal your true identity and intentions... Otherwise, brace yourself for gravitational disintegration.
Still unwilling to reveal your true identity?
...
...Let's leave it at that. For now, I'll choose to believe that you bear no hostility.
Share your findings with me, and me alone. I don't want vague conjecture to interfere with other people's judgments before we find solid proof.
Even after that chilling tragedy, this dream is still running effortlessly.
Other than The Family of the Harmony, it's hard to imagine any other power in the universe that could sustain a building of such magnitude.
Interesting analogy. Perhaps that's why Penacony's "Beautiful Dream" has persisted for so long.
That doesn't sound like the kind of comment a Galaxy Ranger would make.
Why do you say that, Miss Acheron?
...In the end, the dreams that people built in the name of freedom became the cage that imprisoned them.
I'm sure you've gained a lot from this trip, Miss Acheron. Are you willing to share your findings with me?
...?
Take your time.
The Moment of Daybreak — I've heard that's where the "Dawn Factory," which processes the foundation of the Dreamscape, is located.
Gilded Hour... It's said to be Penacony's Currency Center.
I hear the Blue Hour is very romantic. Do you have any tales to share?
The Dreamscape of chic, luxury and consumerism — the Moment of Dusk — my companions have been there too.
There might be a way to change everything.
...
...Miss Acheron, now it's my turn to share a story with you.
There was a man from my homeland who, at a time when the world was grappling with deep, unhealable pain, made a choice.
He wove together the dreams of everyone in the world, linking people's dreamscapes, and shouldered this burden himself. From this, he created a giant, a "Spiritual Adam".
Since that moment, the giant stood between heaven and earth, becoming the pillar of the world's existence. As a price, those who found it hard to move forward, who could not advance... forever lost their "future".
They slumbered in a dream devoid of disaster and pain, living out their days peacefully in the man's created utopia. And it is because of the wishes of those people, who wished not to awaken, that this Spiritual Adam became unbreakable.
Because people must always move towards the future. Even if human weaknesses make them pause, when they truly cannot move forward... humanity will eventually seek a way to save itself.
And that man... He was NEVER a failure. Like everyone in that world, he etched the possibilities of human nature into his heart.
He was the {RUBY_B#Icarus}sunchaser{RUBY_E#} of legend, soaring towards the sky, and embracing his final victory with his fall.
He ascended to heights uncharted, only to come face to face with the sun — a place not visited by anyone before. His wings would melt because of it, only for him to fall into the sea, and after that...
...countless others would surpass him, soaring to even greater heights.
...
...I am sorry.
...There's something I still wish to know, Miss Acheron. Under that representation of The Hunt, exactly what sort of power is it that has motivated your solitary journey thus far?
They're just checking up on me. Let's get in and get out — it seems they've made some progress.
...Looks like we're about to enter the depths of Dewlight Pavilion.
Let's see if there's anyone waiting to greet us.
Something feels off... A grand mansion like this and not a butler or servant in sight... Could it be due to the disruption caused by the emergency?
...This door is open — looks like we'll have to investigate ourselves. Let's proceed with caution.
I see. What an interesting technique.
The footprints here are different from the rest... there are two sets of them. Looks like outsiders might have passed through here not long ago.
Well... there's a unique pattern here — flamboyant even. And judging by the size, I'd say these were men's shoes.
If I'm right... it could be the IPC ambassador, Aventurine.
It looks like they were walking side by side as opposed to one behind the other — so the second individual is likely equal in status to Aventurine.
...The IPC is eager to reclaim Penacony, so their presence here is not unexpected.
Look, it dropped something.
Seems like the mansion's entire workforce were assigned other tasks... before Robin's death.
...It must have been a big project to require that much manpower... the "Charmony Festival," perhaps.
So, you're saying... someone deliberately cleared the place out?
...No one here either.
As soon as I and the rest of the Crew arrived in Penacony, Mr. Sunday and Robin showed up to greet us. I remember hearing something unusual in her voice... and now it seems I was right.
Meaning...
That would explain why Mr. Sunday has been having such difficulty in catching the traitor.
Looks like the rumors were right — "Death" does seem to be targeting random victims. And based on Sunday's notes... he's no stranger to "Death."
They all seem to be insiders... but I haven't met any of them.
What is it?
Perhaps that's why Sunday is taking this matter so seriously.
According to Robin's interview, despite having performed on so many grand stages, her favorite performance was a pretend show she put on with her brother when they were just kids.
Growing up brings gains, but also losses.
It seems neither the Dreammaster of Penacony nor this Old Oti is happy with Sunday's recent performance.
Maybe the other Family heads don't think "Death" is a big deal... One thing's for sure — there's a lot of internal conflict within The Family, and everybody has their own agenda.
Before coming here, I had all sorts of scenarios in my head about dealing with The Family... I did not expect an empty mansion...
Our apologies, Mr. Sunday. Nobody came to greet us, so we entered without permission. I hope you can forgive us.
On the contrary, that's exactly why we're here. To ask you about the case and gather more information — we don't want any loose ends.
Let's hope justice will prevail soon. I have a question for you, if you don't mind: How did The Family come to the conclusion that the murderer was within The Family?
With all due respect, it's in the IPC's interest to wreak havoc before the Charmony Festival... and The Family has every reason to suspect the IPC's involvement.
Maybe the heads of The Family use that model for discussing important matters.
Miss Acheron here doesn't present a danger, and she's of no threat to the Astral Express. Aventurine's prior accusation was based on nothing more than his own subjectivity.
Which is why, before we continue working together, he has a duty to explain himself.
There must be some deeper meaning behind Aventurine's actions. I suspect he's been aware of Penacony's secret from the beginning... and has been continuously strategizing to unveil it.
In that sense, the Astral Express' role in his plans would be imperative. In the worst case scenario... he may use us to do something unexpected.
Assuming things do escalate to that stage, having an extra ally is a good insurance policy. Penacony has numerous factions, and the state of affairs is significantly more intricate than that of Belobog and the Xianzhou.
Sounds like we've reached a consensus. Now... Miss Acheron?
Let's get going, everyone. The hour of trailblazing is upon us.
...
It's just like you said: an inability rather than an unwillingness. Plus it's a long story... not something that can be summed up in a few words.
But I choose to believe you, and my trust in you stems more from... my own personal judgment.
The question that has been perplexing us — "Does death really exist in the Dreamscape?" — appears to be a cognitive trap. It was laid by those orchestrating events from the shadows to cover up the truth behind the disappearances, and the existence of this fortress known as Dreamflux Reef.
Every emergence of that meme is related to the Watchmaker. Since Dreamflux Reef is where it brings its captives, it's likely that many of our longstanding questions will be answered in this place.
It's that man again, always in the right place at the right time... though that does save us the trouble of looking for him.
Something on your mind? Let's talk about it.
No wonder Miss Acheron is so averse to drawing her blade... it's hard to imagine such terrifying power could reside in an ordinary sheath. If it weren't for the fact that Aventurine's power originated from the Preservation, the entire Dreamscape would have been affected.
Don't feel burdened by this. Even without that Stellaron inside you, Aventurine would still have found other methods to accomplish his goal. Let's just believe in Miss Acheron. And given her prowess, I don't think we've got anything to worry about.
During your investigation, he shared a vital piece of information. Mikhail, the former Watchmaker who collaborated with The Family to construct the Penacony we're familiar with today, had a falling out with The Family for specific reasons.
But this is precisely where the problem lies — you were clearly investigating a murder. So then why, as a security officer, is he changing the subject to talk about his past with the Watchmaker?
And now with Firefly mentioning his name again... it's hard not to be suspicious.
Before we found you, she'd already revealed her Stellaron Hunter identity, and shared a lot of information.
Who would've thought that the Molten Knight's true identity was actually a young girl... For her, this is a secret that she cannot allow others to know. That being the case, I think we can believe she's willing to cooperate.
But, she didn't reveal all her secrets. I just can't shake the feeling that her situation is different from that of the typical dreamer... And I hope that doesn't lead to any dangerous predicaments.
I hope you've regained a little composure. We'll move out when you're ready.
The atmosphere in this fortress is... pretty different from that in the beautiful dream.
Though both Dreamscapes have distinct styles, the architectural designs are quite similar — works of the same hand, perhaps. Hard not to speculate on the connection...
But there's no point in overthinking things. Let's meet up with Himeko and the others first.
Not coming with us?
...Sure, let's reconnect later.
Letting her go was the right decision — further observations are needed before we decide whether to trust her. But first, there's someone I need to talk to.
He's right over there...
Look, over there...
Hehe, not exactly — I've only met him once. Look, over there...
The Reverie Hotel's bellboy... How did he end up here? And right after Miss Acheron severed the beautiful dream...
We'd better check, just to be sure.
Hello, Misha. I'm Welt, we met in a dream...
...Hm? And who might this be...?
You're... a Memory Zone Meme?
So this is... your home?
This Sleepie... Can you describe what it looks like?
Based on the description, that meme is indisputably "Death." A nightmare for The Family, but for the people who live here... that couldn't be further from the truth.
I see... Has it brought back any guests recently, say in the last day or two? We're currently investigating a missing person case that occurred within the beautiful dream.
...Just as I thought. Considering what happened with Miss Firefly, this doesn't come as a surprise.
If it's not too much trouble. Also, we're looking for our missing companions: A woman with red hair, accompanied by a girl with pink hair. Have you seen them?
Alright, then. We'll follow your plan.
Well, we now know the answer to both murder cases that have caused such commotion in Penacony. As for the intentions of the mastermind behind it all... we're still none the wiser.
Yes, that's my thinking as well. I'm not entirely certain, but we still have to find him one way or another.
Yes, and I believe their relationship with Gallagher may run deep — why else would they be so clandestine about their discussion? Regardless, we have to find Gallagher.
Uhh, no idea. But its connection to Gallagher is worth digging into. Regardless, we have to find him.
Say, you mentioned before that you saw a Clockie that only you could see, right?
I can't shake off this strange feeling. Am I really still so young at heart...?
Forget it. It's not important. We'd better just follow Misha.
A black hole? No... an accretion disk formed from consolidated memoria? Was Dreamflux Reef built on such unstable memoria?
You don't say... There was something else that piqued my interest. Who is Madam Razalina?
We're very interested in Madam Razalina's achievements. Could you tell us a little more about them?
That's right. It seems like she did a great deal of research and calculations in Dreamflux Reef... before abruptly passing away.
Before we came to Penacony, the conductor had given us a list of Nameless to look into — her name was mentioned. It seems like she did a great deal of research and calculations in Dreamflux Reef... before abruptly passing away.
...Perhaps.
He passed out. His intense negative emotions attracted the nearby Memory Zone Memes.
Do such things often happen here?
That must be Robin. She's also here, in Dreamflux Reef.
Misha is about to take us to her to find out what happened, but before that, let's meet up with Himeko. You were with her earlier, right?
If that's true, it's no wonder there are so many similarities between this place and the sweet dream.
So, a guardian of sorts!
...Hmm?
...On that note, Mr. Micah, which tombstones are you referring to? We didn't come across any graveyard when we arrived.
Could there be another force influencing The Family's shift in philosophy, Miss Robin?
Considering what happened with Acheron, it's difficult to conceive of another entity within the realm of the Harmony capable of influencing everyone, unless a power surpassing that of an Emanator is involved...
What a huge Clockie... Looks like the Watchmaker also left his mark on Dreamflux Reef.
Unbelievable... to think there's a settlement of this size within the Dreamscape... and all beyond The Family's reach.
Razalina and... Tiernan.
That sounds sensible enough. Since you went through the trouble of gathering The Family head, the Crew, and the Stellaron Hunters, I'm guessing you have something important to say, Mr. Gallagher?
The Stellaron? But how is that possible? Penacony is a free-flowing interstellar hub. There are no signs of contamination whatsoever.
Rest assured — sitting on the sidelines isn't in our nature. Mr. Sunday, Miss Robin, I'm willing to accompany you on behalf of the Astral Express. Having a third party present should help with negotiations... and could make all the difference if things get ugly.
I may have been quick to step up to the plate, but confronting the Dreammaster could be a very dangerous affair.
No, that won't do. Even if we count Robin as an ally, something felt off about Mr. Sunday just now, although I can't quite put my finger on it... I have to make sure he won't turn against us when things start to get dicey.
Huh... I knew it.
As I suspected, this chip Aventurine gave to you... is actually a miniature transmitter.
If I'm right, he intends to use it to track your location or contact you when needed. As it so happens, this may actually be of some use in the current situation.
Remember what I said earlier? Working with the IPC is a way to keep The Family in check.
If negotiations go south and The Family show their true colors by going after the Stellaron, I'll use this transmitter to send a message to the IPC. It'll be just the opportunity the IPC Ambassador was hoping for.
The only question mark in all this is Aventurine's current status... but the IPC is always listening, especially senior Strategic Investment Department heads like him. Getting the message across shouldn't be a problem.
Well, you take care too. If anything goes wrong... don't worry about me. Just make sure to seal the Stellaron.
Everyone, let's gather over here — we still need to make some preparations.
You've been working non-stop on the Charmony Festival, Mr. Sunday, and no one could have predicted this incident. Even if the Stellaron does pose a grave threat, I still feel sorry for all the trouble we've caused you.
I'm relieved to see your determination.
Y'know, since arriving in Penacony, we haven't had any contact with this Dreammaster himself. I'd heard of the heads of the five major lineages, but the Dreammaster is a mystery to me.
Let's hope we can reach a consensus that satisfies everyone.
Don't worry. I'll be waiting here.
Thank you for everything you've done. I'll be waiting here.
I'd like to ask: Did you really not know of the Stellaron's existence?
If I have offended, the Astral Express extends its sincere apologies... but the current circumstances are dire, and leave no room for meticulous inquiry. We're doing this out of concern for the Dreamscape's safety... so if you could, please alleviate our concerns.
Just a moment.
...I have another question I hope to have answered.
To my understanding, The Family's harmony and prosperity have never relied on so-called "divine laws"...
The "God" you both mentioned... are THEY truly {RUBY_B#The Harmony}Xipe{RUBY_E#}?
"Perfectly harmonize"... Therein lies the problem. It isn't an outsider lurking in the shadows who changed the Harmony, but a dissonance that has surreptitiously emerged from within this very symphony itself.
In the distant past, there existed an Aeon. With one flick of the wrist, THEY crafted the laws of the cosmos. THEIR followers formed the Beyond the Sky Choir, spreading solemn and reverent hymns throughout the universe.
Later, THEY fell. The route traversed by this Aeon clashed with the Harmony, ultimately being absorbed and fused into it. The chorus that once reverberated across worlds fell silent, and when it echoed anew, it was transformed into the hymn of Harmony...
Though an Aeon may perish, paths with no masters still linger. In the all-forgiving Harmony... echoes of bygone dissonance may subtly arise.
Hmph... so this is how it is.
It's a long story... but, at least Mr. Sunday took it easy on us.
He used an ability called "tuning" to connect our consciousnesses with his. In other words, he imprisoned us within his consciousness.
Thanks to General Jing Yuan's destruction of the Harmonious Choir, we were able to escape.
Everyone really has their own agenda after all...
Not to worry. Himeko and I will take care of things.
Don't downplay your achievements, everyone has witnessed your growth. I've known many warriors in my time, and only a few achieve the kind of growth you have. Back home, where I'm from you'd be rated at least an S-tier.
Yes, yes, you are. I've known many warriors in my time, and only a few achieve the kind of growth you have. Back home, where I'm from you'd be rated at least an S-tier.
It's not been easy for you these past few days. You've earned some downtime. I'm looking forward to seeing how you'll perform on our next journey.
But... *sigh* Never mind. At the end of the day, this is a positive outcome.
Agreed. It's hard to imagine members of the Genius Society taking an interest in such mundane research...
*sigh* Never mind. At the end of the day, this is a positive outcome.
Sounds good to me.
Count me in. Still, I imagine that planet must have changed entirely after the Stellaron Disaster. I've heard that its landmasses no longer exist, and the native population has completely changed...
This trip to Penacony has allowed me to see another side of the Stellaron Disaster... In terms of symbolism, the state of the Dreamscape bears a striking resemblance to the Agate World. Visiting it might deepen our understanding of the Stellaron.
That type of performance isn't really my cup of tea, but... I'll let you all decide.
The Intelligentsia Guild's Dr. Ratio. This assembly is quite something.
Those imprisoned in their dreams are awakening for Freedom.
Sorry to interrupt... whatever's happening here.
Forgive the interruption, but I just spoke with Himeko. The situation is more urgent than we imagined.
Thank you for coming. It'll be a first for the Express to work alongside the Knights of Beauty.
...Well, try not to take too long. Things could deteriorate at any moment.
How's it going? Has there been any progress?
I see. If the Express has been swallowed...
...then perhaps we could try pushing the Express's engine into a temporary state of overload... and use the momentum to burst out of the Giant Sting's body.
It would be risky — the engine might overheat and burst into flames... Still, I don't have any better ideas.
In a word... yes.
The outer components of the Express... may well be melting in gastric acid as we speak.
Let's stay calm — I need some time to check the engine with Himeko. For now, just try and take your minds off the situation.
...I suppose it all depends on how you see his understanding of and devotion to the Beauty.
...I suppose it all depends on whether you support his understanding of and devotion to the Beauty.
The Astral Express seems fine, but a collision like this in space is... a little unusual. Even for me, it's a first.
This is really a curveball... you couldn't make it up.
I've completed the engine inspection. Though the warp device isn't immediately operational, I believe we can still manage brief spurts of acceleration. Unless there are any major objections, I'll begin preparations.
At this stage, any plan is a plan worth hearing. March — hang fire. Let's see where this leads us.
It all depends on whether you support his dedication to that hallucination.
Indeed — it's about that time. I guess that explains why Pom-Pom is in such a hurry.
March, try not to sound too excited...? We're here for work, remember.
(I'm not sure Pom-Pom is the best casting choice for a gang boss...)
(When it comes to minor details, March can be very logical. As for the rest of the story...)
(Speaking of which, when did I turn into an aurumaton?)
(I... okay.)
Who's he? ...I'd like to see more information on him.
I don't have any concrete evidence... but I think he's worth checking out.
Not necessarily... but I have my reasons for wanting to investigate. What was he doing in the days leading up to the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection?
If that were the case, the Realm-Keeping Commission would have arrested him by now — why look to us for help?
How should I put this... He just looks kind of...
Sorry, what I mean is... hmm. It's difficult to explain, but my instinct tells me this Luocha is involved somehow.
Apologies, I realize this is personal speculation.
We're thankful that you're entrusting this to us — we'll keep it by the book.
I owe you two an apology — my speculations have gotten us into a delicate situation... I'll treat you to some Xianzhou delicacies later.
No problem. Let's get this settled first, though.
Mm, I'm glad to hear you say that.
Mm... It's not something I need to conceal from you.
As you know, there are infinite worlds in this universe that can be similar yet different from each other in various ways. The same is true of the people on those worlds.
That's why it's possible for us to run into individuals on multiple worlds who share an appearance, but not a personality... For all we know, in some faraway world, March's adorable face might belong to an intergalactic pirate.
However... in most cases, their fates will walk a similar course. I've seen two people who looked almost identical to this Luocha... They were not of the virtuous persuasion.
That's why the moment I laid eyes on him, a chill ran down my spine. March is right — we shouldn't judge a book by its cover... but I can't overlook this.
*sigh* I don't want to force you into trusting my judgment, but...
I'm glad you believe in me, truly. But the problem remains: Will the Realm-Keeping Commission trust a judgment based on this logic?
I'm glad you believe in me, truly. But the problem remains: Will the Realm-Keeping Commission trust a judgment based on this logic?
Of course. We raised the accusation, we will carry the burden of proof.
Sounds like you really care.
That's quite a conjecture, March. The Xianzhou scans all luggage moving into and out of their territory — it'd be nearly impossible to pull off. Not to mention, when Luocha turns the corner, he doesn't have the coffin with him.
I checked the map and found a gate in this open area... Look, there's a small dock on the other side. He may have left on a starskiff.
The key question is... when did he leave? There's only one gate in this area, at least on the map... Miss Jingyan, does the remaining footage show anyone else entering or leaving this place?
Understood, thank you.
Are the corrupted parts recoverable? Can we use the same methods again?
Thank you. Did you find anything in the remaining footage worth paying attention to?
I'm not sure I follow.
Their tea must be stronger than Himeko's coffee...
Hatching rebirths are specific to the Vidyadhara... Can humans also experience de-aging?
So, March, what you mean is, the two people in dark clothing are Tea Society agents, and the child is... a de-aged Luocha?
*sigh* The child in the footage has black hair. Luocha's hair is blonde.
Too bad, March. No de-aging, no Angler.
The cycranes weren't able to get a clear look at the two people in dark clothing... Let's ask Yinshu, maybe she saw something.
Business hours aren't over yet, she should be nearby. You two go ahead, I'll wait here in case she comes back.
You two go ahead, I'll wait here. The Xianzhou has some interesting literature — I'd like to get better acquainted.
On the contrary, any information you can give is valuable. Thank you very much.
Still, according to the cycrane recordings, Luocha's final stop before heading towards the open area was your store.
So, what was the book?
Calm down a moment, you two. I don't think Luocha has anything against the book.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves. We're forgetting that the Realm-Keeping Commission was initially investigating whether someone brought a "dangerous object" onto the Luofu.
Dahao and the others are probably not aware of what that "dangerous object" might be. But we know for a fact that it's the Stellaron.
I think that by removing the page, Luocha may have provided us with a key piece of the puzzle.
Exactly. I think Luocha may have friends on the Luofu, and they're using the title page to communicate.
That's alright, this is a bit of a conjectural leap.
What I'm trying to say is — I think Luocha may have friends on the Luofu, and they're using the title page to communicate.
I'm afraid "evil plans" are still within the realm of speculation at this stage. We have no way of knowing exactly what he did because the cycrane data was lost.
Oddly specific, March...
Ha, don't worry about me. It's just... my mind keeps wandering back to those other "Luochas" I mentioned. Not the greatest memories.
Remember, we're talking about different worlds here. However, I can't deny I'm a little worried that... what happened to my home world could befall this place too.
So... what did Luocha get up to during those missing two hours...?
Oh? And what do you have in mind, detective? Fieldwork?
Hehe, well, seeing as you're so confident, let's give your idea a try.
(But Miss Jingyan mentioned that gate is a military asset — it's locked all year round.)
(Hold on... this would've been too quick a route.)
(We're trying to uncover what Luocha did during those two hours. But even if he repeated this route twenty times, it wouldn't have taken him that long.)
(Why is the monster talking now?)
(Monster lairs and black market spaces... I doubt the Luofu has any of that. At least, I doubt things of that nature existed before the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection.)
(Hmm... I suppose that makes some kind of sense.)
(I, uh... I try to go with the flow.)
(...March, you don't have to add in combat scenes while you're figuring out where to take the story — we can wait.)
(Isn't pu'er a type of tea?)
(Can you tell him to be less aggressive...?)
(...Nevermind.)
(Didn't take Pu'er for a man of rules.)
(March's logic does seem to improve when it comes to minor details.)
(Luocha's personality changes by the minute...)
(Hang fire, March — I don't think Luocha was here to beat people up... He wanted to make a deal, right?)
(When it comes to minor details, March's logic is actually pretty good.)
(Doesn't sound like any of the "Luochas" I came across...)
So... who was piloting the starskiff?
...March, a—as much as I enjoyed your deduction, I do have a few... questions.
For example, if Luocha took flight from the dock, how could he appear in cycrane footage two hours later?
Also, the dock is a military installation — the Cloud Knights would be on the scene at the slightest disturbance. How did so many monsters show up without warning?
Last but not least, even if Luocha did encounter all the troubles you described, it wouldn't have taken him two hours to escape.
That might be the best approach. Let's go.
Excuse me, gentlemen. Would this blonde-haired, life-saving outworlder bear any resemblance to our suspect, here?
Can I ask when this rescue occurred?
What is it?
Indeed, and I've learned not to judge a book by its cover... Anyway, that's enough reflection for one day. Let's get going.
Garden of Gourmet. You two deserve a treat.
...
(Even if Luocha was able to unlock the door, what was his goal?)
(Now that I think about it, something's not right. Why would they rendezvous at a military airfield?)
(...Hiding in plain sight, perhaps.)
(Plausible — looking at the map, this place is well-hidden.)
(...Let's see where this leads first.)
(Where are you going? We're trying to trace Luocha's movements — we shouldn't backtrack.)
I'm afraid there's no time for chit-chat — lives could be at stake.
We found it... looks like the pilot isn't inside. If they escaped before it came down, they should still be nearby.
Not good — looks like the crash disturbed monsters in the area. We need to get there — fast.
I know you want to help, but we need more intel on the crash site before we start the rescue. There's no time to lose — let's go.
Don't worry, Miss Qingni. We've been in worse danger.
Don't worry, Miss Qingni. We've been in worse danger.
I didn't know the helm master of the Sky-Faring Commission dealt with situations like this in person.
No need, Miss Qingni. It was nothing.
The feeling is mutual, Lady Yukong. We would be honored.
I didn't know Yukong had that side to her...
...but you're not wrong. Appearances seemingly tell us little about the lives of the Xianzhou's leaders, no matter how long those lives may have been.
Yukong's inner worries and concerns came to the surface in the presence of her daughter. Only then was it clear that she, too, is somebody's mother.
Yes. After all, I know what it's like to worry over a kid's homework and whether their lunch is healthy enough.
Yes... I originally thought the head of the Sky-Faring Commission was a suave businesswoman — like that young foxian girl...
...but based on that fight, Yukong is clearly an experienced soldier. The moments she chose to strike and the targets she attacked were all impeccably strategic.
Aside from saving her daughter, perhaps the Helm Master was keen to see some front-line action.
Hehe, well... I enjoyed a long stretch of peace on my home world — long enough for me to start forgetting that I was also a fighter. After I boarded the Express, my old enthusiasm slowly began to return.
But there's something I don't understand. Yes, Qingni piloted a starskiff without permission and put herself in danger, but she meant well. Nevertheless, Yukong's reaction suggests that there was something more...
Anyway, let's head over to the Palace of Astrum — best not to keep Yukong waiting.
No, but we've been invited — we certainly don't want to be late.
Remember, this is no field trip, we're having tea with the helm master of the Sky-Faring Commission. We'll need to act with diplomatic decorum.
Alright, let's head out before it gets late.
Apologies, Madam Yukong, we should have given you some time.
You're right, an oversight on my part.
We don't intend to pry into private business, Helm Master Yukong, but if there's anything we can help with, please don't hesitate to ask.
Well, I'd heard from members of the Sky-Faring Commission that you were a top-tier pilot, Madam Yukong, and an ace among the Cloud Knights. Now that I've seen you in action, I know the rumors were true. I hope to witness your flying ability for myself one day.
We'll head off now — the Commission must be busy. I look forward to our next meeting, Madam Yukong.
Ahem... Miss Qingni, these are family matters, I'm not sure it's my place to comment. However, in my personal experience...
...becoming a parent often means we become obstinate. To erode a rock, one must be patient and persistent, like water.
What I mean to say is, instead of trying to prove yourself suddenly, perhaps you could demonstrate your ability to look after yourself methodically, over time. Don't you think, Miss Qingni?
...
Let me try. *glug* Hmm, a nostalgic experience.
No, no, this reminds me of when I first boarded the Express... and forced myself to drink Himeko's coffee... and how my tastebuds never fully recovered.
Hehe, y'know, there are lot of "mung bean soda moments" in life — if you don't try you won't know. Unique experiences are often a product of risky choices.
Why are you so dedicated to that idea, Miss Qingni?
I can imagine. A parent is often a child's first hero, and their image can influence their whole life.
Parents never want their children to be in danger. I think I can understand Madam Yukong.
In Stargazer Navalia? Mm... Let's go with you and have a look.
Indeed.
...
Do you know what it looks like, Miss Qingni?
You're a great fighter, but your perception is even more impressive. No matter how well a treasure chest is hidden, you're always able to spot it...
Well, isn't finding a needle in a haystack a type of puzzle-solving?
Your powers of perception are impressive — no matter how well a treasure chest is hidden, you're always able to spot it... I think you're the right person for the job.
Your powers of perception are impressive, that's all — I think you're the right person for the job.
It's a beautiful vase though — what an intricate pattern. Isn't that the Divine Beast Fortune pattern?
Well, I only recently found out about it.
A devastator glaive? Is this from the battle? There were a lot of Cloud Knights.
Well, this is too big for a trinket.
It must be very close to Helm Master Yukong's heart. Let's head back, Miss Qingni — I think you should return this trinket in person. This is an opportunity for the two of you to talk.
If you want us to help you persuade your mother, I'm afraid that could be difficult. It's not easy to solve a family dispute as an outsider...
Maybe we can ask some people who might know the truth.
Well... the general's been busy at the Seat of Divine Foresight recently — we might not get to see him right away. Still, it's worth a try — he was the one who promoted Helm Master Yukong — he probably knows more about her past than anyone.
If the helm master herself is reluctant to talk about it, then the Sky-Faring Commission staff would be even less likely — even if they know the truth. I think we should try General Jing Yuan first.
He promoted Helm Master Yukong himself — he probably knows more about her past than anyone.
I think we should try General Jing Yuan first. He's been busy at the Seat of Divine Foresight recently — we might not get to see him right away. Still, it's worth a try — he was the one who promoted Helm Master Yukong — he probably knows more about her past than anyone.
No problem. If we can get to the bottom of why Helm Master Yukong no longer flies, we might be able to find out why she doesn't want you to be a fighter pilot.
We can't help you too directly, but an indirect conversation like this might give us a clue on how to convince your mother.
Yes, leave it to us.
Don't worry — General Jing Yuan is understanding. I'm sure a small visit won't trouble him — especially if it's about a young girl's future.
It's nothing urgent. We were hoping to... understand Helm Master Yukong a little better.
...We heard that Helm Master Yukong was an outstanding pilot, but that she refuses to let her daughter embark on the same career...
This object has been stored inside Helm Master Yukong's personal trinket all along — Miss Qingni lent it to us.
This object has been stored inside Helm Master Yukong's personal trinket all along — Miss Qingni lent it to us.
She thought it might be a way to find out more about Madam Yukong's past, and... why she no longer flies.
I don't have any other questions. Thank you, general.
Thank you, general. We apologize for taking up your time with such triviality.
Mm, we'll take our leave.
You two are very similar.
Did Helm Master Yukong never bring this up with you?
Indeed. That's probably why Yukong was never willing to fly again after the battle, and why she forbids you from flying.
Yes, Yukong doesn't want you to feel the pressure of her name. Besides, reputation and talent count for something, but you need luck on the battlefield.
I can't guarantee that's what she's thinking, Miss Qingni. You should talk with her yourself.
Do you still remember where it was filed, Miss Qingni?
Hmm... A couple of outworlders going through Sky-Faring Commission files isn't a good look... I'm afraid we can only accompany you, Miss Qingni — you'll need to do the searching yourself.
It seems like this device is handling some important procedures. Let's leave it alone.
Is this one broken?
Uh sorry... Sorry, we'll get going.
Miss Qingni, I don't think the two of us should be reading your mother's diary.
You're all done? Did it go smoothly?
...I see. Let's find Helm Master Yukong — we'll accompany you...
Miss Qingni kindly agreed to show us around Starskiff Haven. She mentioned she was trying to mend things between you, but was feeling shy about it. We volunteered to come with her.
Seems like Miss Qingni is a little hesitant. Try giving her a little push.
No can do, Miss Qingni — we're not abandoning you.
Hold out a little longer — I know you can do it.
...Kafka and Blade are still on the Xianzhou? The general nearly released them outright, but that was then. If memory serves, the Xianzhou only revoked Kafka's arrest warrant. Blade is still a wanted criminal...
To be honest, I can never figure out what those Stellaron Hunters are up to, especially that Kafka...
...but my intuition tells me she won't do anything to harm you. If she's really in trouble, it'd be best to go see her.
We should start with the person who opened the Jade Gate. If it turns out they're not friendly, then at least they've already made things easier for us. If it turns out they were just doing their job, then we can ask them what happened here.
Let's move. Keep your wits about you.
There was a gravitational shift. The same thing happens when we warp jump, only we feel heavier.
The Xianzhou possesses extremely advanced technology. If I'm not mistaken, we've been in an artificial ecosphere since we arrived at the skyport.
The evidence is above us.
You're right. Something with a mass as huge as a Xianzhou ship should keep clear of any planets on its course... otherwise, it risks being caught up in the gravitational pull.
The sky here is an artificial boundary. I imagine it was created to shield residents from the pitch dark of outer space, and the negative emotions that it can generate... fascinating.
I heard that residents of the Xianzhou have extremely long life spans, which would require them to make great efforts to preserve their mental health... meaning...
Right, okay, let's get back to work.
The silver lining is that based on what we can see, no civilians were caught up in the battle...
I'm guessing the Xianzhou must have evacuated the port immediately, leaving the soldiers to deal with the crisis. But as for these corroded monsters...
It must be the Stellaron — the corrosion has already started to spread... It doesn't look serious yet, but this is a bad sign.
The Stellaron-affected worlds we've come into contact with so far were all subjected to prolonged corrosion. In contrast, much like here, the space station had only just begun to be affected when we arrived. It's still the case that not much is known about early-stage corrosion...
You're hurt, son. Try not to talk.
March, use your six-phased ice to stop the bleeding. Go easy, we don't wanna add frostbite to his list of complaints.
Let's keep searching, there might be other survivors.
We called for port transfer and got no response, but then someone opened the Jade Gate for us. When we arrived there was no one to be found, so we started to make our own way through.
We're telling the truth. You could verify it yourself by checking the access history of the Jade Gate.
W—We found it strange ourselves when the gate opened but no one came to greet us.
You've heard of us?
We caught wind of the incident you mention. That's why we're here Miss Tingyun — to help the Xianzhou seal the Stellaron.
Careful, we've never seen this kind of life form before...
You work for the Sky-Faring Commission, so I assume you're aware of its destructive power.
Those monsters back there...
Get ready, and watch your backs.
Dan Heng, let's crack open this ice block. Perhaps we can still save the girl inside.
Of course I hope we can take her in... Or rather, I can offer a conclusion based on the most basic of moral judgments: Now that we've found her, we have to look after her.
But naturally, I'm concerned about whether or not this places the Astral Express in any danger...
Thanks... I feel more at ease now. I just hope she'll have a good time on the Express and not feel too alienated from the rest of us...
We're just here for the questioning. We'll leave as soon as it's over.
Miss Qingque, if you don't mind, may I take a look?
It's an honor.
Here comes trouble.
We've heard the term "jade abacus" a few times now. Would you mind explaining what it is, Miss Qingque?
It sounds like similar technology. Maybe we'll get a better understanding if we see the manufacturing process with our own eyes.
"Unearth the truth..." You mean interrogate Kafka with the Matrix of Prescience?
I know you still have many questions for Kafka yourself.
If there are questions you want Kafka to answer, now's the time.
Then go. We'll stand guard.
You don't want to know about her motives and your past?
There are many things I want to know — but they can wait.
What will Kafka have to say to you? I'm curious to find out myself.
Such extraordinary energy... It's the Stellaron.
Yes, the Stellaron the Cloud Knights are searching for must be causing this anomaly!
Your kindness is much appreciated, Miss Qingque. As for celestial jade, we'll have to leave it for next time.
*sigh* At the end of the day, work is work — you need it to live. Y'know March, adults forget what "relaxation" means after a certain age, hehe...
Just speaking from the heart, that's all.
Either way, we'll have to go in. Let's ask around first.
You misunderstand, young sir — we genuinely want to help. Can you tell us what happened here?
100%. The general sent us.
Don't worry, young sir. Your master's safety is our—
...
The Stellaron facilitated the resurrection of the Ambrosial Arbor...
The severity of the corrosion becomes worse as it grows.
We're passing through on our way to the Alchemy Commission at the behest of General Jing Yuan and Diviner Fu. We'd like you to show us the way, Master Gongshu.
Let me guess... Limited range? Energy costs?
It's guarding the Ambrosial Arbor's roots and the furnace.
They're flowering? Watch out — all of you.
March.
We'll have to retreat for now. Follow me!
I wonder... The Ebon Deer seems to heal itself instantly, but perhaps it's drawing that power from elsewhere...
The monster only seems to be active in the vicinity of the Arbor. Let's look around and see if we can find anything.
I don't think we're in a position to take down this deer until we've dealt with its regenerative abilities...
Any thoughts, Master Gongshu?
Not only that — its reaction suggested we'd hurt it... perhaps that's our starting point.
So, the next step is...
General Jing Yuan said the Ambrosial Arbor was an unfathomable celestial blessing...
At first glance, that deer could have been an ordinary life form, but the ability to heal such grave wounds in an instant... I think I finally understand why the Xianzhou decided to follow The Hunt in eradicating the Abundance.
If immortal creations were left to spread their branches and roots throughout the universe, entire ecosystems would collapse...
No wonder the people of the Xianzhou wander the universe, never settling on a planet...
Did they send for you as well? Looks like Pom-Pom is quite serious this time...
No. I have a heightened sense of hostility and danger, but I don't sense anything on the Express.
The galaxy is huge. Maybe there's some kind of organism that can become invisible visiting us...
Not sure, Pom-Pom couldn't put it into words. It's like a gut feeling.
I lean towards trusting Pom-Pom's instinct when it has to do with the Express.
Himeko had them go to a different coach. We can take care of what's going on here.
Mirror...?
...
An invisible mirror? I think I've heard something about that...
Seems like the rumors are true. The Emanators of the Remembrance don't have a physical body and only those they allow can see them.
Yes, I agree. Dealing with the Garden of Recollection is dangerous, and the trade of memories is... a shady business.
This actually confirms a theory that I've always had: It seems like Inquisition Spirits are a creation of the Erudition.
This actually confirms a theory that I've always had: It seems like Inquisition Spirits are a creation of the Enigmata.
This actually confirms a theory that I've always had: It seems like Inquisition Spirits are a creation of the Elation.
Don't worry, it should be gone by now — Inquisition Spirits only ask one question at a time. It will go elsewhere once it gets an answer.
Games like these always stir up childhood memories. I remember watching similar TV shows back when I was just a kid.
...Sorry, getting a bit nostalgic here. I hear the grand final is up next, I hope you knock it out of the park.
I should reintroduce myself. My name is Dan Heng — I'm the guard on the Express. I also administer the train's data bank.
I updated the data bank entries today if you wanted to look anything up.
Time to turn in already...? Thanks for the reminder. It's easy to lose track of time in the archives — before you know it, a whole day's gone by... See you tomorrow.
I come from an alliance, and was born on a grand and beautiful ship that I barely had the chance to see... I can never return.
At that time, I had nowhere to go but the Express.
Cloud-Piercer is always with me. For my safety, and the safety of everyone else.
It's not really a hobby, but I used to read a lot...
If you're not there to look something up, then please don't enter the archives. It's not a place for chitchat.
As vast as the universe is, it cannot change its past.
Once there are sufficient records in the data bank, the flow of individuals will link together seemingly independent events.
March's weakness is that she likes to get involved in other people's business. ...Perhaps that's also her strength.
If you have questions about the Express, Himeko can give you the best answer.
Mr. Yang is a very compassionate person, but thankfully he doesn't pry.
My intuition tells me that it would be unwise to provoke the conductor.
We mustn't cling to the past.
Just as a data bank requires updating, so I must keep evolving.
Leave the past behind. The future beckons my thoughts.
I will choose my own path...
 Tread carefully, {NICKNAME}.
 Tread carefully, {NICKNAME}.
March, stay with the group, don't rush off.
Himeko, you can leave any contingencies to me.
Mr. Yang, do you have any advice on this matter?
You... Keep your distance.
It's too late to repent.
Move carefully.
Clemency? Never heard of it.
Don't hesitate.
The time is now.
Hmph.
Careless.
The truth of life and death, revealed in an instant.
This sanctuary, is but a vision... Break!
This... can't be...
This body isn't that frail.
Don't worry about me.
This will strengthen our position.
Past victories don't guarantee future ones.
Worth our while.
This should be securely stored.
That wasn't too difficult.
That enemy certainly isn't friendly.
Mm... I'll need to record today's notes in the data bank.
Step aside, I have no interest in stoking conflict.
Hmm... There is knowledge of this in the data bank.
Seamless.
I should reintroduce myself. My name is Dan Heng — I'm the guard on the Express. I also administer the train's data bank.
I updated the data bank entries today if you wanted to look anything up.
Time to turn in already...? Thanks for the reminder. It's easy to lose track of time in the archives — before you know it, a whole day's gone by... See you tomorrow.
I come from an alliance, and was born on a grand and beautiful ship that I barely had the chance to see... I can never return.
At that time, I had nowhere to go but the Express.
Cloud-Piercer is always with me. For my safety, and the safety of everyone else.
It's not really a hobby, but I used to read a lot...
If you're not there to look something up, then please don't enter the archives. It's not a place for chitchat.
As vast as the universe is, it cannot change its past.
Once there are sufficient records in the data bank, the flow of individuals will link together seemingly independent events.
March's weakness is that she likes to get involved in other people's business. ...Perhaps that's also her strength.
If you have questions about the Express, Himeko can give you the best answer.
Mr. Yang is a very compassionate person, but thankfully he doesn't pry.
My intuition tells me that it would be unwise to provoke the conductor.
We mustn't cling to the past.
Just as a data bank requires updating, so I must keep evolving.
Leave the past behind. The future beckons my thoughts.
I will choose my own path...
 Tread carefully, {NICKNAME}.
 Tread carefully, {NICKNAME}.
March, stay with the group, don't rush off.
Himeko, you can leave any contingencies to me.
Mr. Yang, do you have any advice on this matter?
You... Keep your distance.
It's too late to repent.
Move carefully.
Clemency? Never heard of it.
Don't hesitate.
The time is now.
Hmph.
Careless.
The truth of life and death, revealed in an instant.
This sanctuary, is but a vision... Break!
This... can't be...
This body isn't that frail.
Don't worry about me.
This will strengthen our position.
Past victories don't guarantee future ones.
Worth our while.
This should be securely stored.
That wasn't too difficult.
That enemy certainly isn't friendly.
Mm... I'll need to record today's notes in the data bank.
Step aside, I have no interest in stoking conflict.
Hmm... There is knowledge of this in the data bank.
Seamless.
I should reintroduce myself. My name is Dan Heng — I'm the guard on the Express. I also administer the train's data bank.
I updated the data bank entries today if you wanted to look anything up.
Time to turn in already...? Thanks for the reminder. It's easy to lose track of time in the archives — before you know it, a whole day's gone by... See you tomorrow.
I come from an alliance, and was born on a grand and beautiful ship that I barely had the chance to see... I can never return.
At that time, I had nowhere to go but the Express.
Cloud-Piercer is always with me. For my safety, and the safety of everyone else.
It's not really a hobby, but I used to read a lot...
If you're not there to look something up, then please don't enter the archives. It's not a place for chitchat.
As vast as the universe is, it cannot change its past.
Once there are sufficient records in the data bank, the flow of individuals will link together seemingly independent events.
March's weakness is that she likes to get involved in other people's business. ...Perhaps that's also her strength.
If you have questions about the Express, Himeko can give you the best answer.
Mr. Yang is a very compassionate person, but thankfully he doesn't pry.
My intuition tells me that it would be unwise to provoke the conductor.
Are you doing okay after your first jump?
Dizziness or retching are normal reactions. You'll feel better once you get used to it.
So you have high compatibility with the Express. That's good.
I enjoy being alone, especially when I have important work to do.
I went through the Express' database, and it seems the environment on Jarilo-VI has undergone drastic changes in the past few centuries. It was not a frozen planet to begin with...
He said so? Hmm... considering the spatial obstacles that the star rail has encountered, it's highly possible.
I've conducted a preliminary survey and found that there's one area with a relatively normal temperature on the surface of the planet. By "normal," I mean a temperature that just about allows for human survival.
If I had to choose a site for initial investigation on this trailblazing expedition, that would be it.
...As I expected. Before you came, whenever March wanted to go anywhere, Himeko would make Mr. Yang and me go with her.
And even after you arrived, I didn't suppose I'd be the one to be liberated of that duty.
If I know Himeko, she's not gonna let you stay behind.
You're new, I'm sure she wants to get you started with some firsthand trailblazing.
Don't worry. With March around, you are guaranteed an eventful expedition.
I assume the trailblazing objective this time is to find the Stellaron on Jarilo-VI and dispel the effect it's exerting on the star rail... right?
...What? Is there something on my face?
...I feel sorry for this world. First the Stellaron, and now you...
...
Himeko, did you keep a copy of the Stellaron Hunters' transmission?
Can I have a look?
...
...
Stop!
The Xianzhou is in danger! ...This man, he—
But...
I... I can't leave them down there. It's just... I'm afraid my burden has finally caught up with me, and that everyone is about to be drawn in...
Hold on, I... I'll be there soon.
...
I'm forbidden from setting foot on the Luofu. "Total interception of any attempt to enter the dominion." *sigh* Let's head back to the main carriage.
...Seems like the longer I spend in my room, the stranger things are when I emerge.
Mm, March told me... *sigh* If it were one of the other ships it might've been okay, but I can't go to the Luofu.
I'm forbidden from setting foot on that ship. "Total interception of any attempt to enter the dominion" is how they chose to put it. *sigh*
...So if you're planning on going, I can't go with you.
The Alliance is made up of six ships — the Luofu is only one of them.
There are also the Yaoqing, the Fanghu, the Zhuming, the Xuling, and the Yuque.
I remember the Xianzhou was a sight to behold. Good luck.
I'm fine, and yes, I'm up to speed.
Yes, I'm staying this time.
For Xianzhou natives, these ships are their planets.
Terrestrial environments are cradles that allow civilizations to survive and then develop. Some of those civilizations progress further — constructing space-faring vessels which allow them to voyage into the unknown... The Xianzhou Alliance is one such civilization.
I've only glimpsed it a few times, but... it's as magnificent as I remember...
...
Let's not let our imaginations get the better of us.
You need to take extra care on this expedition. I've compiled some intel on the Xianzhou for you, I hope it comes in useful.
...Which means we need to decide where our next destination is, soon.
I'll head back to my room then.
This space station was just attacked by the Antimatter Legion. We came to help with the rescue at the request of Lead Researcher Asta.
Back to the master control zone. Asta and the other researchers have gathered there.
Well the Express has some dealings with Madam Herta, so we come to visit the space station from time to time.
It's a unique train that can travel between the stars with the power of the Trailblaze Aeon.
You and March go back together.
Arlan from the Security Department lost contact in the vicinity. I need to find him first.
I don't know that one.
I took another route to the upper level, and I saw you guys from up there.
Arlan is in the control room. He's been injured, but not fatally.
I suppose as the head of the Security Department, he should know.
It's just a coincidence. We came to deliver the rare relic Herta trusted us to find... We didn't expect to arrive during an invasion.
Don't be too hard on yourself. Your leg and dominant hand were injured. It was a wise decision to hide here and avoid a head-on encounter with the Legion.
...March...
Let's go.
You won't slow us down. And you should be able to shut down the elevators from the master control zone, right?
Do you know why the Antimatter Legion would invade the station, Arlan?
The repulsion bridge has been shut down?
You've grown, March.
I...
I heard there's something called a Stellaron in Madam Herta's collection.
No, Light Cones are Garden of Recollection technology. They allow you to carry memories around — very potent enhancement items. I heard the corporation paid a lot for the usage rights, but I've no idea how Herta managed to get hold of one.
I have the right to remain silent.
I have the right to remain silent.
Please leave me out of this.
What is the current situation on the space station?
Are you thinking of going back? Let me remind you, that's the Doomsday Beast, the Legion's planet destroyer.
The Doomsday Beast can rip off the defense shield like tearing paper — and Herta's not here. The station's defenses are too weak to stand against the Antimatter Legion.
Either way, the Legion has the blessing of the Aeon, {RUBY_B#The Destruction}Nanook{RUBY_E#}. They came prepared and everyone here is not.
The Astral Express tracks our coordinates in real time... And with such a huge change in the space station's movements, there's no way Mr. Yang wouldn't have noticed.
...Something just flew past.
...The Express isn't here.
Wait, March!
...As you say so. Alright, what should we do next?
Incoming, look out!
There's something on its right hand, stay alert!
No, the Legion's weapon shouldn't go down so easily.
Let's worry about that later. We need to focus fire — fast.
I don't see any other possibilities. Here we go, brace yourselves!
Hi.
Oh? What did I do?
Is that so? Well, I am the train's guard. I suppose it's just instinct.
It's about being observant at all times and carefully making the best choice for the situation. You can do it too.
If you're referring to what I think about you joining the Astral Express... You're overthinking it.
My position is simple: It doesn't matter to me. I suggest you ignore my opinions and make your own choice.
Being on the Express isn't exactly the same as "traveling" or "adventuring..." The Astral Express symbolizes "trailblazing" you understand?
Trailblazing implies the unknown, be it unknown risks or unknown rewards.
In my opinion, the unknown is no more terrifying than the known... In fact, the unknown signifies something we can control and change.
Don't use hesitation as an excuse. If you hesitate for too long, your original way of thinking will eventually cease to exist.
Mm, okay then.
It's good that you've made it through in one piece. You can rest easy now that the threat from the Legion has been neutralized.
Well, this invasion seems to be nothing more than a random provocation. As soon as the Doomsday Beast fell, the Legion retreated.
You're not wrong, but be careful about blurting things out loud — it could attract unwanted attention.
Well, this is the Herta Space Station.
I guess I'll leave you to rest up a bit for the time being. By the way, what's your beacon address? That way if anything happens, I can contact you.
Go see Himeko when you have the time. She said she had something to discuss with you.
Hm? Who's there?
...Oh, it's you. The door's not locked. Come in.
I learned to sense incoming visitors after people kept barging in so frequently.
Can I help you?
Feel free. This is open to everyone on the Express.
This is not my pad, it's just where I sleep.
These are the Archives. It has the records of all the Astral Express's trips since its first journey.
Yes, just my personal interest.
Aside from the existing data, I also recorded this trip to the archives.
Go look them up yourself. I don't know your definition of "fun."
If you see your own name, don't be surprised, I also recorded this trip to the archives.
A lot of the data is corrupted, but even the residual pieces contain huge amounts of information that we're struggling to process. I'm trying to sort them out.
While many of the roads that Akivili traveled along no longer exist, I think it's still meaningful to record our adventures as current passengers of the Express.
I enter the collected data into the archives' data bank. I try to catalog the people and places the Express encounters, and compare and contrast them with the existing records.
Do you see the terminal over there? It can be used to view information already stored in the data bank. Do give it a go.
I'll be entering any new information we encounter on future journeys, so drop by anytime to check it out. We also have a shortcut on the terminal device.
Seems like you have some deep misunderstandings about me. *sigh* Ah, well, I think I know who caused that.
Y'know, I'm not... *sigh*
I have matters to attend to, feel free.
So, if you're headed next door...
...keep it down.
...Is it time to warp jump? You go ahead.
A hard bed is good for your spine. A bed that's too soft will end up hurting you.
(A marked change in tone. It sounds like he's quoting from a historical record.)
Let's not waste time. No one will notice.
You've got some snow in your hair, but no one will notice.
We came here for something known as a Stellaron.
Objects that fell from the blue on separate worlds. Their appearance spelled disaster. Many of the planets we've visited have suffered their effects.
You mentioned invasion by the Antimatter Legion. Soon after their arrival, this planet suffered the Eternal Freeze. At the same time, the phenomenon known as Fragmentum space corrosion began to occur. Correct?
You're right. Our reason for coming here is not purely selfless. If we don't seal the Stellaron, we cannot leave this planet.
We have the relevant means.
So the corrosion is inside the city... that's a grave situation.
He said "you can sometimes catch an outdoor performance..." "Sometimes" being the operative word.
Tiny heaters are no use against a Stellaron disaster.
March, earlier in Qlipoth Fort—
...That's... not what I was going to say.
Earlier in Qlipoth Fort... were you paying attention to the {RUBY_B#Cocolia}Supreme Guardian{RUBY_E#}?
Hmm, I had a similar feeling. Almost as if we weren't the only people in the room.
Perhaps I'm too sensitive... She did promise to help us. I just hope she keeps her word...
Let's get some rest, we need to save our energy for the discussions tomorrow.
That's because you always act without thinking — you never have a plan.
The one that's been sealed off... Hmm, it's possible.
Three of a kind...
Two Pair...
Ace!
...This is an orchestrated betrayal, obviously.
Heh, that's because you've got too much energy.
Is there anything left to do? We're meeting the guardian tomorrow. There won't be any time for sightseeing.
Let's get to bed early and save our energy. I sense the next few days could be tiring.
There's a group of Silvermane Guards at the entrance... and I don't think they're here to say hi.
Let's go and meet them. We won't know until we're down there.
We saw strange creatures outside the city... They must have come from a tear in corroded space. A Fragmentum, correct?
Monsters of that type rarely venture outside the Fragmentum... meaning the corrosion affecting your planet is already very serious.
No. As long as the Stellaron is active, the corrosion will continue to spread.
The soldiers can only periodically clear the Fragmentum of monsters. But the monsters will continue to emerge and multiply.
If they hadn't identified it, I bet all the shops and hotels in the vicinity would have had to close down by now.
Whatever it's made of, it can't be ice.
No.
I think it'd be best to pay a visit to Serval Landau.
He's an elite officer of the Silvermane Guards. It wouldn't be easy to get to him. Besides... if he hasn't been persuaded by Bronya's letter, we'd be walking right into the lion's den.
Mm. But... we must keep a low profile — we're still wanted fugitives.
No, I don't remember the security being this tight last time... It might have something to do with us.
The supreme guardian has probably learned of our arrival already. Bronya...
...Well, now we have to help him keep his mouth shut.
Not yet, March.
Bronya said we could trust you completely.
...Try not to embellish the facts.
...Perhaps I should do it, or we'll still be here tomorrow.
We must locate it as soon as possible — ideally before Cocolia takes action. Can you tell us the way?
I fear we may not have the time.
He's still on duty. Huh, he must have recovered quickly.
Looks like it. Bronya hasn't arrived yet, though. Let's find somewhere to wait.
Mm, allow me to explain.
Worth celebrating, I'd say.
My scoring criteria are different from yours.
...Forever. But in that scenario, they can't be considered human anymore.
...We can sleep when we're back on the Express.
Did you get Himeko's message? It's time to go. The conductor will nag us again if we put the Express behind schedule.
...I'll let that slip.
Nothing lasts forever. You'll stop feeling sad the moment you set foot on the Express.
...So you're awake?
I can take them on my own, you know.
Let's get after him.
Except you.
We should avoid attracting too much attention... but we can't just leave her.
Why would a mere robot in the Underworld have knowledge of important secrets?
I'm familiar with over twenty {RUBY_B#Abominations of Abundance}long-life species{RUBY_E#} — none of them look like you.
In which case, we need to think of a way to convince Svarog to communicate with us.
What should we do...
Be that as it may, did you really have to poison us?
Hmm.. So it wasn't to cover anything up? A secret that you didn't want anyone, including us, to find out?
I'm not certain yet... but there's more to our "friend" here than meets the eye.
You said I'd uncover a clue if I became the Fight Club champion.
Does anyone know where the robots come from?
You remember the robots we defeated in the boxing gym?
How are you finding your first Trailblazing expedition?
...That's good.
All journeys contain their share of the unexpected. It won't be the last time.
...Sounds like you've taken it in your stride.
I'm about to summarize the intel we've gathered so far. Did you want to listen?
No problem, come find me any time.
First we have the Underworld — a huge underground space. Miners have built towns here and are excavating Geomarrow.
We learned from Natasha that the Underworld shoulders the energy needs of their entire civilization. Laboring in the Underworld used to be a great honor, and there was regular movement between realms.
Sampo mentioned the Furnace Core, which people would use to travel in both directions. Yet now, each realm is sealed off from the other. Only the automatic transport line for Geomarrow and goods is still in operation.
The reason for sealing the Furnace Core still needs to be investigated. In addition, it appears that Sampo has secret connections that grant him passage between here and the surface. That may come in useful to us.
Up to now, apart from Bronya, whom Sampo brought here, I still haven't seen a single Silvermane Guard.
At the Fight Club I heard people say that the Guards withdrew from the underground many years ago, and that it was the supreme guardian who gave the order.
At the time, the supreme guardian was none other than Cocolia Rand.
No problem, come find me any time.
Next we have our goal — the Stellaron.
After we revealed our intentions, the supreme guardian suspended communications and sent soldiers to arrest us. Her reaction was strange, to say the least.
It's too early to say, but it was a radical move. It means that we must have broached a highly sensitive subject... a secret that she's sparing no effort to protect.
If I remember our discussion correctly, I think there are two main possibilities: the Architects, and the Stellaron. I'm inclined to think it's the latter, but we lack evidence.
There's an old saying that goes: "Good fortune lies within bad, bad fortune lurks within good." Even when compared with the Overworld, the Underworld has a long history. There should be valuable intel here. Not to mention, without the supreme guardian's interference, we have a better chance than ever of locating the Stellaron.
No problem, come find me any time.
Lastly, we have the main strength of the Underworld — Wildfire.
After the Silvermane Guards withdrew, and in order to keep the peace, the residents of the Underworld spontaneously organized their own militia — thereby taking over the Guards' duties.
Ally? It's a little premature to be talking about that.
But Wildfire will be familiar with all manner of forces below ground. If we want to find Stellaron clues in the underground, I'm certain they can help.
I don't know them. Trust isn't part of the picture yet. But speaking of trust, I suggest you don't place too much of yours in Sampo Koski.
He hasn't revealed his true intentions, but he has managed to corral us into a difficult situation — almost without us realizing. That's a dangerous person indeed.
Mm, that's all we need to summarize for now. If there's anything else you're not clear on, come and find me.
...
I don't try to disagree.
...
It has nothing to do with me.
A lot like you, actually.
But if you ask for my opinion, it's better to be safe than sorry.
One of us should keep watch tonight.
Sure. I don't have much need for sleep.
You seem pretty exhausted, don't overexert yourself. I'll do it.
You tried your best, don't blame yourself. I should've considered such a situation in advance. And it was Svarog who attacked first, we didn't have any other choice.
That certainly isn't our area of strength.
But we still have a lot left to figure out. For instance...
Exactly. We don't even have the Stellaron's coordinates and location.
Cocolia's sudden change in attitude is also very curious.
Exactly. There must be a reason for this sudden change in her attitude.
And, we still don't have the coordinates and location of the Stellaron.
...That's not of foremost concern.
What's important is that we still don't have the exact location and coordinates of the Stellaron. Nor have we figured out the reason behind Cocolia's sudden change in attitude.
We still haven't put all of the pieces together...
Dreams?
...All three dreams were the same, with Cocolia and that other voice...
I'm wondering if these dreams aren't just random, if there is some meaning behind them... Maybe you're having them because...
That's my hunch, but I have no proof.
We solve a puzzle one piece at a time. Let's get some rest. We'll talk to Wildfire tomorrow and get to the bottom of this.
Also, there's still one more key character we haven't talked to yet. Her connection to Cocolia may be the key to cracking this mystery.
Well then, let's go find Wildfire to discuss our next move and see if they have any new discoveries.
Where's Natasha? Is she here?
Hold on. What about Bronya?
Why isn't she here?
Stop overthinking and just open it.
She gave it some good thought, but whatever's going on in that supreme guardian's head... Even Bronya might have trouble understanding.
Sampo, do you know the Landau siblings?
We were there at the fight — we witnessed everything.
The supreme guardian sacrificed herself to seal the Stellaron. We were there at the fight — we witnessed everything.
We should take a look, maybe we can help.
I... don't think that's necessary. Look, he's awake.
If the shipping passages in Cloudford changed even a little, the entire route would be drastically altered.
Do you two know the way?
Excuse me, have you seen three outworlders? One of them's older — wears glasses — calm demeanor?
Then... how about an excitable girl with pink hair...?
...Many thanks.
Wh—Where does it go?
A Vidyadhara Mirage Echo... Have these shadows of the past yet to disperse?
I have told you and that woman many times... I am Dan Heng.
I have nothing to do with your past.
Look out!
...What did you do?
I'm not him.
(The Arbor's resurrection is connected to the Disciples' rebellion... I've heard those names before, but when?)
...
...Where are you going?
(Now's not the time to turn back. If the Cloud Knights hold me up, I won't reach them in time.)
(Seems this road is guarded by the Cloud Knights. I need to find another way...)
(I need to be careful. If I alert the Knights, they might take an interest in me...)
Aargh... Long...
I was exiled from the Xianzhou. I am no longer one of the Scions of Permanence.
I'm sorry, I cannot linger here. My friends have left — I must find them.
...
...Huh?
(The Cloud Knights seem to be gathering for the Stellaron disaster... but why did Kafka want us to come here? What happened to them? And what happened to Blade?)
(I've delayed for too long. I need more information...)
(I'm sorry, I have to catch up to my friends. Thank you for looking out for me on this journey, both of you...)
...
These memories...
No. They have nothing to do with me anymore.
Stay your hand! I have no wish to harm you!
You know the Vidyadhara hatching rebirth cycle, general. The waters of the ancient sea have cleansed Dan Feng of his past sin. The person that once stood here alongside you is no more.
I am Dan Heng. Whether Dan Feng was hero or villain has nothing to do with me. I bore his punishment, accepted my eternal banishment without complaint... but do not let his shadow cloud your estimation of me, general.
...I already told you—
I may not be capable of the things that Dan Feng was capable of.
We need to help them, let's go.
It's a long story, March. It's me.
...
How am I still one of the Nameless? I stand here at the mercy of others without true freedom to speak...
...but as a descendant of the Vidyadhara, I will fulfill my duty to the Luofu.
For the Vidyadhara, it must have been a necessary sacrifice.
This must be... the first high elder that accepted the mission to quell the Ambrosial Arbor...
According to tradition, from then on, successive high elders were obliged to return to the Dragonvista Rain Hall. They would guide the tides of the ancient sea to guard and strengthen the Arbor's seal.
Yes, "reverence to the three talons, the path to the great roots..." It's the way to the root depths.
Don't worry about it, just follow me.
We've reached the end. These are the roots of the Ambrosial Arbor, where the vestiges of Abundance lie.
"Reverence to the three talons, the path to the great roots..." This is it. Under the power of the high elder, the Arbor's roots have formed into the image of a dragon.
Now, I will break the final seal...
That's Dan Feng's voice... but what about the other person? So familiar...
The Cloud Knight general and the Ten-Lords Commission. They performed regular inspections of Scalegorge Waterscape...
A mysterious intruder... but that voice is so familiar...
It is time to repay them.
It worked.
This is one of the places mentioned in the riddle — one of the three talons. If we can break the seal here, we'll be a step closer to the roots of the Arbor.
Okay, let's head to the third seal.
...This seal was already on the verge of breaking before the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection.
The reverence to the three talons is complete... now we must head for the roots of the Arbor.
The last of the three talons is here.
...Brothers, sisters, I have returned.
Though the body be immortal, the pain of reincarnation is inescapable.
The karma of past lives chains the world of the present...
The roots of the Arbor are still growing...
A little... only fragments.
That's right. From what I recall, we have to touch these stone lanterns in a particular sequence to unlock the seals in this area.
I'll... do my best.
This mural must be related to the others here. It tells the story of the Vidyadhara self-reincarnation, from hatching rebirth in the ancient sea, to the return to that same sea as the cycle begins again.
Perhaps.
"Beneath the lunar glow adorned, Vidyadhara eggs begin to form, and from the ancient sea rebirthed, to walk again on solid earth."
This mural describes the Vidyadhara hatching rebirth in the Lunarescent Depths — the beginning of self-reincarnation.
"Our reincarnation's greatest cost, the wisdom of a past life lost, yet through the teachings of our kind, unto the young again consigned."
The mural depicts the Vidyadhara being guided by their elder, wiser kin after their rebirth.
"Our people sing the hymn of clouds, and dance to water's cherished sounds, and high above the dragon flies, to each is destined different skies."
This mural portrays the Vidyadhara young. They acquire knowledge and depart for different places on the Xianzhou — thereby dedicating themselves to serving the Alliance.
"And as the day is almost gone, return alone to water's song, beneath the waves in silver shell, await new life that time will tell."
The worldly limit of the Vidyadhara is reached after seven centuries. They return to the ancient sea and form a shell — awaiting the next hatching rebirth.
...
...I have no interest in stoking conflict. I came to ensure the safety of my friends.
Out of the way!
(I wonder if the others are okay...)
(Gotta make this quick...)
(Can't delay any longer...)
*long sigh* I didn't wish to harm anyone... But there's no other way. Forgive me.
Did you think it was over, Phantylia?
Way ahead of you!
Not as strong as you look.
Get back!
Had enough, Phantylia!?
Celestial dragon... Break!
Understood.
Returning to the Luofu and Scalegorge Waterscape... it's a surreal feeling.
I left so determined... Who would have thought that circumstances would draw me back once more?
There are only a handful of individuals who know my identity now. I do not wish to guess what could occur if word gets out.
I'll be gone very soon. Jing Yuan is still recovering, and the Cloud Knights won't protect me anymore... It remains to be seen how the Six Charioteers will react to my presence.
But at least for now, I'm safe.
I want to meet the current high elder of the Vidyadhara.
It seems I won't be able to cast off Dan Feng's negative karma... so I'd like to learn more about his past. I want to find out what I can do to make up for his sins.
I want to meet the current high elder of the Vidyadhara.
If she can tell me more about Dan Feng's actions, then perhaps I can do something to make up for his sins.
General...
I understand.
She must have been worried. I'll return to the train and put her mind at rest.
When I left the train, I only had time to say a quick goodbye to Himeko.
I should go back and give her an update... and thank her for her guidance.
I spoke to Mr. Yang. I'll be staying on the Express this time. I wish you all a delightful time in Penacony.
Thank you, I appreciate the invitation, but I don't like bustling places, and someone has to handle the work on the Express.
Thank you, I appreciate the invitation, but I don't like bustling places, and someone has to handle the work on the Express.
Pay no mind to the matters concerning the Xianzhou. Penacony isn't the final stop on our trip. We have plenty of time. Once everything is packed up, I will naturally catch up with all of you.
I'd advise double-checking your bags. Word is that The Family's customs procedure can be quite demanding. Better to sort it out now than face issues at your hotel check-in.
I'd advise double-checking your bags. Word is that The Family's customs procedure can be quite demanding. Better to sort it out now than face issues at your hotel check-in.
Since you already know what you're doing, I'll also have to remind you of its risks.
For the last time, state your identity and purpose.
A Galaxy Ranger?
The righteous heroes of The Hunt would never hijack the Astral Express.
Pardon my frankness, but there are plenty of rumors in the cosmos regarding the Galaxy Rangers' current status, and none of them are pretty stories. I have a hard time believing you.
Recognize this?
This is the jade abacus gifted to the Express by the Xianzhou Luofu's General Jing Yuan. Its presence onboard serves as the Xianzhou Alliance's official recognition of the Express.
Is that enough?
Now, it's your turn.
And why would I play along?
...
Alright then. Tell me, what kind of organization are the Galaxy Rangers?
This reply does not instill trust, and only makes your predicament more precarious.
Second question: Why do you seek trouble with the Astral Express?
That Galaxy Ranger imposter... Who is it?
Is it a hard question?
That's impossible.
IX never gives anyone so much as a first glance, and that's perfectly normal. What reason would THEY have to bequeath strength unto mortals?
...
How do we get into the VIP lounge?
Greetings. We're the Nameless from the Astral Express, and we'd like to check in.
Yes, my companions already checked in. My name is Dan Heng, and I believe my personal information is recorded in your system.
...He's my fellow Trailblazer. We responded to The Family's invitation before he boarded the Express, so he wasn't registered in your system. Is it possible to accommodate him as well?
What do you mean by "unable to reach" them?
And now it seems you need to confirm our identities before you can contact our companions.
I don't think she's trying to give us a hard time. She really just doesn't know what to do.
...
Something doesn't seem right. I need to leave for a moment. You can stay here with the receptionist.
Hasn't she returned yet?
I agree. Another unusual thing is that the Oak Family is supposed to be in charge of organizing the council and managing everything inside and outside the Dreamscape. However...
I walked around the hotel but didn't meet a single member of the Oak Family on such an important day.
We shouldn't linger here too long. Let's go back to the Express for now.
Are you suggesting we sit here and do nothing?
...If I were a Family member, I'd find an official excuse and keep the surprise factors here. If we just wait here, that would be like walking into their trap.
A secret signal?
A concrete object can indeed help the Memokeeper establish a connection with you... but Boothill, if you have more back-up plans in the future, I hope you'll let me know in advance.
Is this your idea of "street smarts?" Starting an altercation?
Just... just don't call yourself a Nameless next time.
Then what should we do now?
Anything you recommend is fine.
"Dynamite Barbecue with Rocket Fuel"... Is that really something that humans enjoy?
The situation is unclear. Something must have happened on the Planet of Festivities, but the public is unaware of it. Someone in a position of power within The Family must be covering it up.
It's unusual for the followers of the Harmony to invite other factions, let alone the IPC and the Masked Fools... If what you said about the Emanator of the Nihility is true, the situation in Penacony is... a little complicated, to say the least.
Talking. Do all the talking.
And you believe that someone like her would have an ulterior motive for impersonating a Galaxy Ranger?
Anyway, what worries me more are the anomalies within The Family. They've summoned followers from various paths for the festival. No matter how generous such a gesture is, this move seems highly unusual.
Unless the invitations weren't sent by them. If that's the case, it's even more intriguing that The Family insists on organizing the Charmony Festival... despite the chaos.
You think Xipe's will is behind all this?
But in my opinion, Akivili's fall holds significance for the Nameless.
Exactly. I believe the purpose of the journey isn't just about following a path that's always considered "absolutely right"...
It's more about doing your best to choose the "right path" for yourself among countless possibilities, even with limited insight and judgment.
...Two guests?
You are the Memokeeper?
...
You sure have a lot of cards up your sleeve.
...What's your plan?
No need for that. We'll return to the Express now.
Looks like... your Memokeeper friend has finally arrived.
No mistake, that's her message to you. She knew the hotel wasn't safe, so she suggested we find another place.
Do you think the same thing will happen on Penacony?
I would disagree. Byari Skamandros is not part of the credit system or connected to the silver rail. It's nothing more than a remote civilization sheltered by the Harmony... But Penacony is different.
If The Family messes with Penacony, that would be like declaring war on almost half of the factions in the Cosmos. They have no reason to do that.
What do you mean?
But I don't see any descendants of the Propagation in Penacony. Could it be that the remnants of Beyond the Sky Choir are hiding within The Family, trying to resurrect a fallen Aeon?
Time is running out...
I have another plan.
Exactly. The assistance from the Luofu Cloud Knights... would be enough.
I have considered it thoroughly. My companions are... They're also once-in-a-lifetime treasures.
I... didn't mention anything to him.
More or less.
...I can't seem to remember either.
Speaking of the Oak Family head... Where is he now?
I'm afraid I'll also have to return to the Express first. The conductor is worried about us. It's best I go and explain the situation.
For some reason, I'm suddenly stricken by the feeling that... we haven't crossed paths in quite some time.
Perhaps... the joy of reuniting after a long time can also be considered just another part of the Trailblaze.
...I should have known better than to expect anything serious from you.
Got it.
March is right. Though the fact that the distress signals have ceased means we're probably too late... but I still think we should investigate the situation there.
March is right. Though the fact that the distress signals have ceased means we're probably too late... but I still think we should investigate the situation there.
Though the fact that the distress signals have ceased means we're probably too late... but I still think we should investigate the situation there.
March is right. Though the fact that the distress signals have ceased means we're probably too late... but I still think we should investigate the situation there.
March is right. Though the fact that the distress signals have ceased means we're probably too late... but I still think we should investigate the situation there.
But we can't just stay here and do nothing.
Thanks to Black Swan.
However, awakening a mere handful of individuals is insignificant compared to the vast number of people immersed in the dream. We must find other ways to awaken the free will of millions of people within a short period of time.
So you mean, if we can attract a large number of outsiders to this system, their free will would intertwine with this dream and shake it to its core...
...
Looks like the Jade Abacus of Allying Oath will be the only solution.
You can gather Galaxy Rangers?
You have a noble soul... Don't be shackled by the past!
...What are you doing here?
...Then be careful. There are still Legion remnants in the area.
Arlan isn't here right now, so we need to step up the space station's security. Spare no effort and stay focused.
Yes, he's with March.
*sigh* I'm only helping Arlan. You're here to look for him, right? He's with March.
But I suggest you don't bother him. He's given himself a personal trial.
...They're not correct, but not wrong either.
Arlan came to me to learn how to manage pressure from his boss.
...So I sent him to March. If he can manage her, then he has nothing to fear.
...Arlan and I decided to switch our assignments. He went with March to investigate a suspicious crystal, and I've taken up his patrol.
That's all.
He said he read an anonymous handwritten journal in the space station — it contained 36 different strategies to do with managing pressure from one's boss.
It also contained some information on trials.
Firstly, the trial of the heart. One needs to acknowledge the pressure in one's heart, and only then can one face it.
Secondly, trial of the mirror. Like a mirror's reflection, one needs to personally experience the pressure others feel in a job in order to understand it.
Lastly, trial of the self. One places oneself within that pressure to complete a transformation.
I believe he came to me to complete the trial of the mirror.
He gave me a pass for access across the space station while on patrol.
No. He didn't say, and I didn't ask.
If you want to find Arlan, just contact March.
Do we know where the sound came from?
It's... an "insect"?
Yes, I've read about True Stings in the data bank. They emit fibrous particles from their wings during flight — the inhalation of which can induce perceptual distortions and hallucinations.
I'm afraid March may have inhaled some of these particles. That's why she saw another version of herself in the room.
Did it do anything strange?
...I'm afraid that's not enough information for us to draw a conclusion.
My concern is that numerous Stings may have already infested the Express. Their elusive nature helps them to stay in the shadows, but they may also be roaming freely. We have to prevent them from propagating. If not...
...We're on the same page.
This isn't good. Evidence of a Swarm is apparent, and it looks like several eggs are on the verge of hatching...
This is a race against the clock.
I think he's also fallen into a hallucination.
I don't think so. I think he may be perceiving an unfamiliar presence.
He could be in considerable danger. Let's proceed.
I see... This, together with the fact that March's hallucination claimed to know her past, suggests that these visions feed on people's subjective experiences and long-term sentiments... in order to take the form of what they personally desire.
That's not how it works. The desire to know your past embodies purity itself — a thing of immense value.
Are you implying that the insect imparted you with a message prior to its demise?
Let's ignore the fact that you understand insect-speak for now. That sentence...
...Wait, I think I understand.
When reading through the Chronicles of Interdimensional Insects in the data bank, I came across a species that had only been described in records. Due to the lack of research samples, the author gave it a tentative name: Giant Sting.
This species can reach tremendous proportions and is big enough to swallow an entire starnought.
I believe the "overlord" Argenti mentioned could be referring to this colossal being, and we're...
Yes, that's my theory.
Yes, and your flight path happened to intersect with the Express's star rail, meaning we might have encountered the very same Giant Sting. Now, we need to see if we can prove the theory correct...
...It looks like our theory has already been confirmed.
Let's talk to Mr. Yang.
Let me explain the situation.
Warp jumping requires a lot of preparation, and it might alert the Swarm.
It's alright. We're in this together.
...The Express was struck from behind by another vessel.
Another vessel in our vicinity encountered the same obstruction and was unable to control its velocity. After the collision, two individuals found their way onto the Express.
It doesn't seem like it.
They appear to be friendly.
That visitor with the red hair...
...he's been lost in thought since he came aboard...
That visitor appears to be a knight... and it looks like he has a servant?
How do we stand? Is there a way to resolve this situation?
What happened?
This is a race against the clock.
It's alright. We're in this together.
...He insisted on doing his duty.
Yes, I intend to participate in the efforts as well.
Jarilo-VI, we're here.
Well the Trailblaze Path grants us faint power. It allows us to better adapt to harsh environments.
Based on the coordinates, the target should be up ahead.
...Do you want to mention the time we smashed a hole through Taikiyan Stadium, or shall I?
Unless you enjoy trailblazing through two weeks of community service.
Do you remember what you did to our last snowmobile?
Remember, we should stay vigilant. We know very little about this world.
I got this, March.
If someone's got their head stuck in the sand, or the snow in this case...
...they just need a helping hand.
This place still hasn't been corroded, yet Fragmentum monsters have already made it here.
I fear the Stellaron may be exerting a significant influence on this world.
These buildings have been buried in the snowfall.
...A long, long time.
This is Voidranger armor. It's ancient.
I don't know.
Mm... It's just an ordinary snowdrift. Are you sure you're not seeing things?
...Who are they?
{NICKNAME}, March, this Gepard... he's no pushover.
Yes, I saw it.
...I'm sorry, I'm just not in the mood for idle chat. There's been a lot weighing on my mind since the Luofu... it was tough on the spirit.
No, thanks — I'll be staying on the Express.
It's great that Belobog is able to host a celebration. I hope your trip goes well — say hi to our friends for me.
Mm, I'll be there next time.
We caught them by surprise, nothing more. They'll be in pursuit soon enough.
Let's follow the path. We need to guarantee our own safety before making any further plans.
Yes, we saw one in Serval's workshop.
We need to solve it before we run out of time. The Guards are right on our heels.
There's a monster in the area. We'll need to deal with it first.
You saw us yesterday, do you remember? Madam Cocolia received us as honored guests.
How can such a drastic change have occurred in the course of one night?
We're wasting our words, March. At least one thing is clear: We mustn't be caught.
Regroup! Let's divide and conquer.
...You first.
That woman had a troubling aura... our instincts were correct.
They must have entered from another direction to cut us off.
We should avoid an open conflict. Let's find another path.
It doesn't seem to be technology from here. Look — it even has an Interastral Peace Corporation logo on it.
Perhaps it's an antiquity left behind by some past interstellar traveler.
Let's take it with us. It doesn't take up much room. And if it really is broken, there are trashcans everywhere.
...Well, it was a good idea. Let's look for the next part.
Let's hope we didn't cause a collapse.
That's the cruelty of a Stellaron. Still, compared with some of the other planets we've visited, at least this one has hope.
We should tell Bronya when the time's right. Let's not dampen the spirit just yet.
Seasoned pros, I see...
Well, we better go and find them.
...And start listening to Natasha.
And that's something to be proud of?
Oh please — you've barely sat still since they left.
Ravings of a drunken miner is a little harsh.
Diplomacy before violence. We should try peaceful communication first.
That would be best.
So, The Moles are a part of Wildfire...
It's an imaginary password that children like to use... and I don't think it's going to be of much use.
Sampo, do you know the answer?
This button says "system reset." Let's give it a try.
Whatever the case, we'll need it to identify our certifications.
Let me try and reset its system...
...This isn't the first time.
Don't trouble yourself about it. We need to find her.
...I don't know if this will work, but it's worth a try: Where is Clara right now?
She's incisive, and determined... in sharp contrast to you, March.
It looks like we'll have to get past Clara if we want to speak to Svarog.
If we circumvent Clara and the gate, Svarog will only identify us as intruders. He'll be even more likely to give us the cold shoulder.
Clara mentioned Svarog's "calculation results" many times...
The strength of the Underworlders won't be enough to prevent the disaster... Those were her exact words. For me, that's our starting point.
No, his calculation is correct. At its current strength, it is highly unlikely that Wildfire would be able to resolve the problems stemming from the Stellaron. However, that calculation didn't take the present situation into account. There's a new variable yet to be added to the equation...
...Precisely. If we can make Svarog believe in us, we can almost certainly overturn the result of his calculation, and we'll be one step closer to peace talks.
There's always a way. But first, we have to convince Clara.
I assume she must be on her way back to the robot settlement. Let's catch up with her.
Are you repairing this installation, Clara? Hit a snag?
The dimensions and wear of these two roller components look very different from the rest of the unit. You must have only just replaced them.
You replaced the damaged components, but the unit isn't starting up as normal. That's what you're trying to figure out, right?
...
I think I found the source of the problem. You replaced the rollers, but the bearing is causing a jam — there's a misalignment.
...Less asking, more helping.
No need. We hardly lifted a finger. So, the settlement's energy supply problem is solved for the time being?
When did Svarog start doing his calculations, Clara?
Stay focused. Remember, we have to make him see that we're a variable in the calculation.
As expected... He knows of the Stellaron, but it's a restricted topic...
Peace talks are over — March, prepare for combat!
Clara seems like the only one who can break through Svarog's cold logic. It's a good thing she was here.
I hope his memory bank really does contain data on the Stellaron.
And it would appear that they never succeeded.
Putting minor details aside, this is the conclusion... Eminent individuals, not to mention the guardian herself, knew early on that the Stellaron was the source of disaster on this world.
But in order to maintain the peace, they decided to hide the truth. Secret research detailing a method for destroying a Stellaron ended in failure.
Now only one question remains... Why would Cocolia exhibit such a sudden change in her attitude towards us?
Its language module must have malfunctioned... Can you take us to Clara?
She certainly moves a lot faster than some people I know...
Mm... no wonder it's so heavily guarded.
Pleased to meet you.
There goes the negotiation.
He's just unconscious. Don't worry.
...We could have a problem. Your brother may be there.
Are you sure you can convince him?
...Meaning it could end in a fight.
We need to be sure, Serval. If we can't reach a common understanding with your brother... will you stand with us?
We don't want you to yield through force of arms. That wouldn't be a victory for us.
The Guards have opened up a way through for us, we can't let them down.
Compared to this, the corrosion we saw in Backwater Pass pales into insignificance.
Serval said that the Stellaron was very likely hidden in the Snow Plains north of Belobog. If we want to get there, I'm afraid we'll have to find the exit to this Fragmentum maze first.
We have no guide and no way of detecting the Stellaron. We'll just have to advance gradually... and cautiously.
Don't be disheartened. The stronger the Fragmentum contamination, the closer we are to the source.
Be careful, think twice before you interact with anything in the Fragmentum.
No, it isn't them.
It must be... a kind of echo? Some type of residual energy replicated by the Fragmentum...
Objects that have been exposed to Fragmentum corrosion might not be stable. I wouldn't touch that device if I were you.
I can't say I like the idea of interacting with our surroundings — especially this deep into the Fragmentum. However...
...There's no other way. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Hmm. It's clear that whoever designed these mechanisms didn't want outsiders to get through too easily. Let's keep looking for the energy hub.
It seems like it... Strange. Fragmentum monsters would usually destroy man-made objects.
Rivet Town is only at the outstretched fingertips of the corrosion... Now, we're deep in the Fragmentum's heart.
There's no switch. We need to find a way around.
{NICKNAME}, I want to ask you a question.
Yes, I think this could well be the best time.
Do you still remember those dreams you mentioned to us?
I know you're wide awake right now, but I need you to try. See if you can recall the "voice" you heard.
Well?
This is merely speculation... but perhaps the voice you heard is the Stellaron somehow conveying information to Cocolia...
...and the one in your body... is resonating with the Stellaron on this world.
Well, there's never been a human that could accommodate a Stellaron in their body.
...Yes. And Bronya may well be the bait.
Yes. The Fragmentum here seems to have made a special connection with Cocolia. It's repeatedly generating forms in her image.
If there were, they left a long time ago. There might be valuable information here... shame we don't have time to look for it.
Considering where we are, it would be surprising if we didn't run into strange enemies here.
Unlike those random low-level Fragmentum creations, this one seems to have a mind of its own. It seems to be able to use complex tactics.
I sense that we're very near to the northern Snow Plains.
It may look like her, but the Fragmentum can only create forgeries. Bring her down!
Wherever they lead, it must be the end of the journey.
The Express has traveled world after world. We are merely passing travellers — witnesses to part of a grander story.
We invariably avoid getting drawn into turbulence that can decide the fate of a world... but there are always times when we have no choice but to act.
If we want to get to the other side, we'll need to rotate the gear bridge again and go around.
If we avoid the enemy, we might be ambushed further in.
It'll be too late for regrets then... Let's defeat this one here.
It means that we're getting closer to the Stellaron... and the heart of the Eternal Freeze.
...very different from the uniform style of the buildings we saw in the city.
...It's like an insect trapped in amber...
I've informed Himeko and Mr. Yang already. They'll seal the Stellaron.
...
...The storm still rages on.
Now that the Stellaron is sealed, the Eternal Freeze will slowly recede. The Fragmentum won't aggressively expand anymore, but nor will it disappear. Jarilo-VI has a chance to return to life, but it will take time...
It will depend on the efforts of the people here.
It's logical... and hard to disprove.
Originally, we thought it was because the Stellaron was linked to the Destruction, but now it seems to be more than that. We might need to speak with Mr. Yang to understand what's going on.
Let's focus on the business at hand first. We shouldn't disrupt Himeko and Mr. Yang while they're dealing with the Stellaron. Let's talk once we're back on the Express.
I understand. Thank you, Miss Huanxi.
I know all that I wish to know. Thank you, Miss Huanxi.
Go ahead.
I understand your concern... but I have nothing more to say on the matter at present.
I haven't even set eyes on Bailu, and people are already urging me not to meet her...
...You've been spending too much time with March.
No need. March will find out sooner or later.
You know that I'm a descendant of the Luofu Vidyadhara. In Scalegorge Waterscape, you witnessed my... "secret strength," as March would call it...
...yet that power stems from Dan Feng — my previous incarnation. He altered the process of high elder succession, plunging everything into catastrophe... ultimately, he suffered the punishment of molting rebirth.
Based on the physiological principles of Vidyadhara reincarnation, I ought to have been an entirely new entity... and in view of the law, all crimes from my previous incarnation should have been wiped clean...
...but in reality, I was locked up in The Shackling Prison at birth. Even after I was released and left the Xianzhou, my high elder past and Dan Feng's {RUBY_B#Blade}enemies{RUBY_E#} pursued me like a haunting shadow.
Now, I plan to face that shadow. In order to make amends, I want to repair the Ambrosial Arbor's seal... and visit the high elder, to see what more I can do.
The starskiff's ready. Let's go.
Oh?
...I'm not surprised in the slightest. What does the Alchemy Commission want, then?
I have no intention of threatening Bailu's position.
Even you came to dissuade me from visiting the high elder, General?
Your injury hasn't dulled your instincts, general — the Preceptors and the Commission seem deeply concerned.
Miss Bailu is already waiting at Scalegorge Waterscape.
...
...
They came for me — I'm sorry you got dragged into it.
Should I ever want to meet the Preceptors, Miss Huanxi, I'll ask you to pass on the message.
It could be dangerous ahead... we should proceed carefully.
It could be dangerous ahead... we should proceed carefully.
Now that the seal is repaired, my affairs on the Xianzhou have drawn to an end... for the time being.
As a Nameless, the Express still needs me.
I am Dan Heng. It is an honor to meet you, Miss Bailu.
...
About the high elder succession — I have no intention of getting entangled in that.
I'm here to repair the Ambrosial Arbor's seal — this is the duty of the Luofu Vidyadhara.
I should take this opportunity to talk with you about the past, Miss Bailu. I've heard about your situation, and while I can't guarantee a solution, I will do my best to improve things for you.
Precisely.
Yes. Forming a seal and using their power to curb the spread of the Arbor's roots is an important task entrusted to the Luofu's high elder.
That's exactly what I've come to Scalegorge Waterscape to find out.
Among the Vidyadhara, the high elder is the existence closest to the Permanence.
According to historical records, the high elder succession involves a secret ritual known as the Transmutation Arcanum, as well as a treasure known as dragon heart. Once succession is complete, the former high elder undergoes a hatching rebirth, while the new high elder begins to display draconic features.
However, Dan Feng's ritual failed, and his powers remained within me... And yet for some reason, it also created you.
I want to use this opportunity to repair the Ambrosial Arbor's seal and see if I can help recall our memories...
"Shun the tree's growth, the residual plague."
"Water of the ancient sea, upon High Elder's command, subdue the eternal roots."
Strange... This is different from the breaking of the seal. Why's there no reaction?
"Shun the tree's growth, the residual plague."
...
"Water of the ancient sea, upon High Elder's command, subdue the eternal roots."
...Th—That's it — you did it! This alone should prove to everyone that you are the true High Elder.
When the seal was re-established, did you recall anything?
You... Who are you?
They may have used a cloudhymn to create mist and provide a smokescreen. I'm afraid this ambush was probably lying in wait for us...
Seems like some people have had enough of my presence.
...If so, why would they want to harm Bailu?
If I'm their target, why would they come after Bailu?
We don't know how many there are — let's get out of here. Go!
Don't worry — those things aren't hostile.
Careful, they're waiting for us to get close enough to reveal our weak spots.
I'm afraid you have the wrong person.
These floating shadows are called Mirage Echoes. They are memories of past lives and echoes from the past that the Vidyadhara shed during their rebirth.
Seems this mirage mistook me for Dan Feng.
Hmm... I heard that Dan Feng craved the powers of our dragon ancestor, Long the Permanence, and created a monstrous dragon-like creature. That must be what he's referring to.
And so the hero of the Xianzhou became its arch-villain.
Elder, look around you. You've long since reincarnated. What remains here are just the mirages of the waters of the ancient sea.
We shouldn't linger here.
The assassins are using skilled cloudhymn magic to make themselves invisible... but their presence is all too real.
These Mirage Echoes, on the other hand, are vestiges of the past. If we can center and transmit the echoes, we should be able to detect any assassins hidden beneath the surface of the water.
Let's look for Mirage Echoes and send out pulses. Move carefully.
Dan Feng... What did he do?
The Transmutation Arcanum seems to contain a secret that allows the Vidyadhara to escape the cycle of reincarnation and return to normal reproduction... but the mechanism eludes me.
Let's go.
This Mirage Echo... he must be a Cloud Knight who fought alongside Dan Feng all those years ago.
I must listen to him very carefully — we cannot afford to miss any information.
Before any of this transpires, you have enough time to prepare.
Assassins? None of us mentioned that the danger involved assassins... How did you know that?
So, did the elders send you to take out the "unworthy" high elder?
If you're asking about Vidyadhara tradition, I'm afraid that's something I never had any experience of. I've always been a wanderer... I can never return to my homeland.
In my fragmented dreams, I meet enemies on the battlefield... but in my travels, I meet many people who I can describe with the word "teacher."
A friend or disciple of Dan Feng? Maybe.
Miss Bailu... at first I was worried that your title of high elder was in name only, and that an absence of true power would eventually put you in grave danger... It seems I was overthinking things — you have no shortage of true power.
The Mirage Echoes of Scalegorge Waterscape mentioned that not only was Dan Feng a brave warrior — he could heal others with cloudhymn magic.
What you have is the power of the high elder that belongs to you — the power of life that can reforge the Arbor's seal and the vitality of the eternal roots... It is a world away from my power of destruction.
Perhaps...
They are mere fragments stripped from the lives of the Vidyadhara.
...
...Don't listen to her.
Our priority is to return to safety. Let's keep moving.
March's six-phased ice...
There was a fight here...
Shattered Cloud Knight armor...
A conflict with the Cloud Knights? Hm... Not likely, Mr. Yang wouldn't let that happen...
A Cloud Knight stricken with mara...
How could the mutations get this bad... is the Stellaron exerting an effect?
...You're hurt.
My name is Dan Heng. I'm a traveler. I'm on my way to meet up with my friends. I appreciate the help, but I can leave the port on my own.
Virtually nothing has changed since I left...
...apart from darkness, this place is all that I remember of the Luofu.
Can't send the message out...
The network is down, but some functions still work?
Oh... are you interested in what happened?
But if {RUBY_B#Blade}he{RUBY_E#} didn't send the letter... then who did?
Maybe I should make a trip to the Seat of Divine Foresight. I need to ask Jing Yuan about the Stellaron Hunters.
...
Greetings. I need to speak to the general about something.
That won't be necessary, the Cloud Knights were doing their duty. I should be apologizing for any damage I caused myself.
The Cloud Knights were doing their duty. I'm here to ask the general about the Stellaron Hunters.
I can't say that I know her, but she does look a little familiar. Is she a guest of the general's?
...No. If the general isn't available, I'll come back another day.
Lead the way...
...
I can't remember anything.
I think... she was one of Imbibitor Lunae's comrades.
...Why did you send him away?
I don't plan on fighting.
When I move... it's like...
It's been with me ever since my exile...
I don't remember when I started wielding it.
Yingxing...
Miss Bailu, she's here for a consultation.
...She won't live much longer.
...There's no cure.
Today's her last day on the Luofu.
She's a criminal. That's up to the Cloud Knights and the Ten-Lords Commission.
Careful.
Once this gathering ends, I will return to the Express to continue my journey.
I haven't decided how I should confront all this... but I think I will continue my travels.
Neither of us can end the other's life. Just give up.
I will see it through.
The Abundance Emanator, Shuhu, rallied a great army and attacked the Alliance... I read about it in The Shackling Prison.
Did Dan Feng fight alongside you?
I can't remember anything.
...
...There's no signature, and it doesn't mention a time or place. Looks like whoever sent this expects me to remember.
Unfortunately, I'm going to disappoint them.
Huh? I'm just thinking.
Thanks, but I don't even know where to start...
The handwriting does seem like that of a swordmaster, but Blade would've gotten straight to the point.
It's an invitation alright, but this is too mysterious to be him.
Do we... know each other?
...I recognize you... but I can't remember anything.
The memories of my past life are like shattered glass... I can't piece together the reality from the individual shards...
The life of Imbibitor Lunae ended. I stand before you a completely different person.
So, you also wish to restore the high elder succession, just like the Preceptors?
Imbibitor Lunae's actions affected many... Are you here to set things straight?
You're not here to reminisce on old times. Tell me why you're here.
So, you're the one that mailed the letter to the Express.
Yingxing is... still alive?
He transformed into a long-life species?
What did you do to him?
Aren't you a Cloud Knight?
I've got one. Bring it down.
I've got this. Pom-Pom, go and get the first aid kit.
Everyone agreed to take you in... I'm an exile, and by the looks of things, you might not have a home to go back to, either... But here on the Express, nobody is alone.
Himeko said that your vitals were all stable... she just didn't know when you'd regain consciousness...
...Your mother is right. The Vidyadhara are Long's Scions. They are descendants of the Aeon of {RUBY_B#Long}Permanence{RUBY_E#}. That was why some, but not all, could turn into dragons.
The power was a rare inheritance, passed down only to those who could successfully complete numerous rites and challenges. For the inheritor, it was hard to say whether it was a blessing or a curse.
...mara-struck.
Wait! Let's think before we act.
Enough, let's go!
The {RUBY_B#Aeon}Abundance{RUBY_E#}...
...!
Strange... accident?
...
Hey, I'm Seele. I'm a member of Wildfire down here in the Underworld. Wanna help me forge a future for the people?
Right on time — let's start the patrol.
Hey, you're about to fall asleep on your feet. Don't push yourself — I got this. Go get some rest.
Me as a child? Hook times ten.
We may live underground, but we won't be buried by this city.
I like to keep my scythe sharp so I can get a good night's sleep on it.
I'm over it now, but... when I was young, I used to keep my favorite comic books in the clinic. Then the other kids started borrowing them... permanently.
The chief's right — sometimes a sharp blade is the only way to get people to come to their senses.
Hmm... Can I see this Pom-Pom? Sounds like a talking teddy bear to me.
I learned when I was a kid I that temper tantrums won't get you anywhere with Nat... Let's just say she knew how to give you a taste of your own medicine.
That girl doesn't talk much, but... I know she doesn't see us as her enemy.
Heh, Svarog's always going on about "humanity's endless conflicts," but you don't get peace by offering everything up on a silver platter.
If you need something doing, he might be your man. But if you feel like befriending him, do yourself a favor: don't.
Don't let her appetite for chaos fool you — I think that kid's going places.
I probably owe my life to the chief.
You think I'm too competitive? Ha, guess you haven't met Luka.
Where there's hope, there's the will to fight.
I'll take the front line. Stay safe, Bronya.
So you are afraid of me.
*sigh* Great.
What a headache.
Come on, I wanna try something out.
Who's next?
Ahhh.
Argh, only a scratch.
I'll free you from your chains.
Disappear among the sea of butterflies, illusions of the past!
Let me end your misery.
I can still fight...
It's not over yet.
Thanks.
A sharp scythe needs targets.
Time well spent.
Hey! Pretty generous.
Not bad at all.
Enemies ahead... up for a scrap?
Let's take it in turns. You rest, I'll stand guard.
Don't mess with me.
Mm-hmm, not bad.
That was unnecessarily difficult...
Hey, I'm Seele. I'm a member of Wildfire down here in the Underworld. Wanna help me forge a future for the people?
Right on time — let's start the patrol.
Hey, you're about to fall asleep on your feet. Don't push yourself — I got this. Go get some rest.
Me as a child? Hook times ten.
We may live underground, but we won't be buried by this city.
I like to keep my scythe sharp so I can get a good night's sleep on it.
I'm over it now, but... when I was young, I used to keep my favorite comic books in the clinic. Then the other kids started borrowing them... permanently.
The chief's right — sometimes a sharp blade is the only way to get people to come to their senses.
Hmm... Can I see this Pom-Pom? Sounds like a talking teddy bear to me.
I learned when I was a kid I that temper tantrums won't get you anywhere with Nat... Let's just say she knew how to give you a taste of your own medicine.
That girl doesn't talk much, but... I know she doesn't see us as her enemy.
Heh, Svarog's always going on about "humanity's endless conflicts," but you don't get peace by offering everything up on a silver platter.
If you need something doing, he might be your man. But if you feel like befriending him, do yourself a favor: don't.
Don't let her appetite for chaos fool you — I think that kid's going places.
I probably owe my life to the chief.
You think I'm too competitive? Ha, guess you haven't met Luka.
Where there's hope, there's the will to fight.
I'll take the front line. Stay safe, Bronya.
So you are afraid of me.
*sigh* Great.
What a headache.
Come on, I wanna try something out.
Who's next?
Ahhh.
Argh, only a scratch.
I'll free you from your chains.
Disappear among the sea of butterflies, illusions of the past!
Let me end your misery.
I can still fight...
It's not over yet.
Thanks.
A sharp scythe needs targets.
Time well spent.
Hey! Pretty generous.
Not bad at all.
Enemies ahead... up for a scrap?
Let's take it in turns. You rest, I'll stand guard.
Don't mess with me.
Mm-hmm, not bad.
That was unnecessarily difficult...
Hey, I'm Seele. I'm a member of Wildfire down here in the Underworld. Wanna help me forge a future for the people?
Right on time — let's start the patrol.
Hey, you're about to fall asleep on your feet. Don't push yourself — I got this. Go get some rest.
Me as a child? Hook times ten.
We may live underground, but we won't be buried by this city.
I like to keep my scythe sharp so I can get a good night's sleep on it.
I'm over it now, but... when I was young, I used to keep my favorite comic books in the clinic. Then the other kids started borrowing them... permanently.
The chief's right — sometimes a sharp blade is the only way to get people to come to their senses.
Hmm... Can I see this Pom-Pom? Sounds like a talking teddy bear to me.
I learned when I was a kid that temper tantrums won't get you anywhere with Nat... Let's just say she knew how to give you a taste of your own medicine.
That girl doesn't talk much, but... I know she doesn't see us as her enemy.
Heh, Svarog's always going on about "humanity's endless conflicts," but you don't get peace by offering everything up on a silver platter.
If you need something done, he might be your man. But if you feel like befriending him, do yourself a favor: don't.
Don't let her appetite for chaos fool you — I think that kid's going places.
I probably owe my life to the chief.
It was the first time both of us had seen Belobog's real sky... the same sky.
You think I'm too competitive? Ha, guess you haven't met Luka.
Where's Sampo...
Classic unreliable Sampo — he probably guessed we'd ask where his hiding place was. No sooner are we back in the Administrative District than he sneaks off.
Nothing, it's just a little... new.
The last time I was on the surface, I was still a child. I have no memory of any of this.
The Overworld and the Underworld... We've... We've been cut off for so long.
I'm okay. Let's go.
There are so many Silvermane Guards on patrol. Is it usually like this?
Tsk, don't stand in our way!
He's gonna raise the alarm, stop him!
...!
...This is bad. Bronya's in danger. We have to go save her.
...You sound like Bronya herself. I don't get it — you guys are against Cocolia, and yet in some ways, you seem to trust her completely.
Is Bronya really safe?
Close is... a bit much. But I made her a promise...
Mm... I can believe that.
The inauguration ceremony went very smoothly. I didn't expect so many Underworlders to come and listen to the address.
Everyone seemed supportive, too. Seems like Bronya made a pretty good impression on them.
Possibly. They always think ahead.
If those two approve of Bronya, then everyone following Wildfire won't question her either.
Of course I was! I was just hidden in the crowd. I'm glad you didn't notice me — means I'm doing something right. I want to protect Bronya in my own way.
She wanted me to stand next to her, but I'm glad I stuck to my guns. Besides, I'm not sure I could handle that many people staring at me.
No doubt. I figured that out back in the Underworld.
Leave...? So soon? I thought you'd stay for a few more days — at least until everything had calmed down...
Ahh... I get it. People are waiting for you to go back so you can keep traveling, right?
Shame, I thought we'd have more time to discuss all the crazy things you guys like to talk about. Looks like that'll have to wait till next time.
...And before you say anything, there will be a next time. I know we'll meet again.
Spineless thugs!
Shut it Sampo, this has "you" written all over it. Wildfire has countless issues on its plate right now. We don't need a side order of Koski.
I hear a Silvermane Guard is paying the Underworld a visit... is that you?
Hmph, listen to her. "What is the meaning of this?" ...She still thinks she's an Overworld princess.
Do you know what's become of us down here while you live the easy life? Did you even consider the fate of the Underworlders?
Hah, do you even hear yourself? You? Protect the underground? Redeploying every Guard to the surface, sealing off the only passageway... Protecting the so-called Architects, more like it.
Hmph.
Enough talk, you're coming with me. Chief Oleg wants to see you, and he's got more than a few questions.
Fully booked.
...Who are they?
...What good is your name by itself!
A friend of his? Then most of the underground is your enemy.
You know the chief? Then why don't I know you...
You're right, I don't understand it, and I don't plan on passing the message on either. Wildfire's encountered trouble at the Great Mine — the chief's busy. If you really want to find him, come look for me at the mine entrance.
I'm leaving.
Hey, you came. That was fast.
Didn't I tell you? *sigh* Long story short —
The underground used to have many mines. However, in recent years, some sort of corrosion called the "Fragmentum" started to spread. It's ruined a lot of mines.
The one we're heading into is relatively unaffected. A bunch of vagrants made it their home after their old turf was consumed by the Fragmentum. Actually, most of them are pretty honest folks...
But with such a large group, it's inevitable that troublemakers will find their way in. They've been stealing from the miners and picking fights. And that's not the worst of it.
Things are much more serious this time... For two days now, huge clashes have been breaking out between the miners and the vagrants. It isn't pretty.
Mines are our lifelines in the Underworld. We have to keep providing Geomarrow to the Overworld in exchange for supplies.
In order to quell the situation, Chief Oleg brought Wildfire into the mine and left me in charge of security for the towns. But the situation in the mine is critical — I have to back him up.
Oh, as for you... the Chief will decide your fate when we see him.
Hmph, you're about to come face to face with reality.
What's Natasha doing here...? Things must be worse than I thought.
Nat! I didn't think you'd be here. Where's Oleg?
How could the situation here become such a mess?
Are you serious? That's big news. How come I never heard about it?
They're here because they need a favor from Chief Oleg. I'm escorting them.
And seeing as you need that helping hand, it wouldn't be too much to ask you to lend one here first, right?
Oh... that's quite nice of you.
Hmph, of course it is. Nobody gives without expecting something in return.
Suit yourself. I'm not forcing you.
The giant ore vein — the one they discovered... That must be where the clashes are centered?
Come on, let's get to higher ground and take a look.
Have you got a death wish or something? How can you sleep here? Get back to safety and take shelter!
...It seems like Chief Oleg must be up ahead. Hurry up and get back to safety — look for Nat. And try not to get into another scrap along the way.
You shameless scoundrels...
You stay calm if you want. I'm taking action! I know those people!
No need to play the hero, I'm going with you!
Nothing but a few knuckleheads. I'm just glad you're okay. Antonia, have you seen Chief Oleg?
Seems like the core of this problem is Svarog's robots...
Your run-of-the-mill robots don't have a will of their own. Their aim is merely Svarog's aim.
The boss... He appeared suddenly after the Guards were redeployed, and became a major player in the Underworld.
Svarog claims to be a guardian of humanity — all the ownerless robots obey his commands. They've occupied the furnace core hub, and they're not letting anyone get close.
Nobody knows why Svarog did any of this... He usually doesn't leave the Furnace Core and interfere unless some kind of disorder breaks out in the Underworld.
Hmph, looks like your mighty Architects weren't as all-knowing as you thought.
Right, there's unfinished business here — the chief is still down there. It's only a bunch of scrap metal. What are we afraid of?
Easy for you to say. This isn't over — the chief and the others are still down there. It's only a bunch of scrap metal. What are we afraid of?
Yeah, you still need to talk with the chief. It's only a bunch of scrap metal. What are we afraid of?
I'll be honest, you guys are hardworking. If everyone from Wildfire were as impressive as you on the battlefield, we wouldn't be so hard-pressed by Svarog.
Antonia, can you take the mining team back through the entrance to meet up with Natasha?
I doubt the underground will ever see it fully excavated...
Svarog! We haven't settled our final score.
*sigh* This again... Calculation results, survival strategies... I haven't got time for your thesis. Withdraw your forces, or I'll lose my temper!
*sigh* I was getting bored of those minions — time for a real fight. Come at me!
A lot... which is why Wildfire has never been able to take him down. Svarog's forces are too strong. We don't have enough firepower.
Clara? Don't worry about her. That girl is best pals with Svarog — she's always following behind him. He wouldn't harm her.
Like I told you. That guy barely leaves his nest — it's rare to see him away from the Furnace Core. Even when he does appear, he doesn't stick around for long. He leaves everything to his subordinates.
It might also have been because Clara was here — the little girl in red. She's best pals with Svarog — always following behind him.
I guess I'm just used to seeing them together now, even if I don't understand it. *sigh* Let's look for the chief.
Chief! Is everyone okay? Is anyone injured?
Ahh, them! They're outsiders that Sampo brought down from who-knows-where. They need a favor from Wildfire, so I brought them with me. It'll be faster if they explain.
Ha! I didn't know you'd put on a show for the Overworld too. Impressive.
Let's head up and take a look, he might need help.
I recognize that woman — that's Elaine from First Mining Team! Quick, let's get up there and see if she's wounded.
Elaine! Are you okay? Are you hurt?
Then there's only one possibility... Boss Svarog.
Let's just say he's not to be trifled with. Let's go and find some other people. Elaine, can you make it back to safety?
Shameless. Still after the miners, are you? Time to teach you a lesson.
That model... it's one of Svarog's lapdogs alright.
Don't be afraid, I've dealt with those robots before. Let's go!
...I know. I'll go to Rivet Town and bring them back for you.
The rest of Wildfire has barely gotten any sleep the last few days. They should rest. They'd only be holding their eyelids open and slowing me down.
Besides, didn't you say some of the miners were gravely injured? Lives are on the line...
Aren't you supposed to be sleeping? What are you doing out here?
...Up to no good, perhaps?
Hmph. Walk somewhere else, then...
*sigh* The situation in other towns is even worse than ours.
You don't know him at all yet, do you? You can't rely on people like Sampo when it's important.
As the Fragmentum spreads underground, more monsters go roaming around causing trouble for all the towns. That means more vagrants in the mines.
The towns' resources have been swallowed up by the Fragmentum. To get anything now, people have to risk their lives!
Hold up! I never said you could join us!
*sigh* Well... just don't slow me down!
Metal plates and bandages, rubbing alcohol, and painkillers... Got it, piece of cake.
Let's go, if we leave now we can still make it back before sundown. When it comes to helping injured people groaning in pain, the sooner the better.
...How much longer can you last with your current supplies?
Of course. What's all the fuss about? I've done that loads of times.
Exactly, a rule of the Silvermane Guards. Don't apply your rules to us.
Over there, see that? That used to be the worst street in Rivet Town... and it's also where I grew up.
My friends and I used to wander those streets thinking about where to find our next meal. That is, until Chief Oleg got me out and took me to the orphanage.
There I learned to read and write from Natasha. At the age of 10, I started to patrol the mines with Oleg, occasionally getting into fights with the local thugs...
Nice? You being sarcastic with me?
*sigh* You're always so serious... It really gets on people's nerves sometimes, you know?
...No, I can't... But more importantly, what kind of "foul language" were you using?
Hahaha, that's it? That's nothing. Looks like I'll have to teach you some Underworld slang before you go back.
It'll be better than poking people's nostrils at least...
I never thought that I'd be here having a heart-to-heart with the future guardian. As a kid, I didn't meet many people who lived in the Overworld. I only heard stories from the grown-ups and figured you were all just a bunch of cold snobs.
...
I'm not like you. I don't have that many grand plans for the future. But... if that's the future you want, I'm willing to build this bridge with you.
Speaking of which, what are you going to do next? What Svarog revealed must've made quite an impact, huh...
You... Hold on, you're not really going, are you? Alone? You can't, this plan is...
Bronya...
...Okay, I understand. You've made up your mind, and there's nothing I can say that will change it. But remember this — if you run into trouble, I will come to save you, no matter what.
Of course. I just didn't appreciate how nice it was at the time.
...Very nice.
Enough chatter. Just be a good guide!
She already went back. As you know, she has some things to settle with the Supreme Guardian.
It's not like that! She... just has many responsibilities to bear. I don't completely understand, I trust that she's trying to solve the problem.
Exactly, she has a lot of responsibilities. I don't completely understand, but I trust that she's trying to solve the problem.
Enough about Sampo! We need him for this trip, and we can still get rid of him after we reach the surface.
Oh right, Bronya told me to give you this.
You ready yet? If you want to keep wasting time, I'll just go on ahead by myself.
What, still something you want to talk about? Alright, let's make it quick.
Not much. We just chatted a bit.
...It really isn't worth going into.
I promised her that I would help her rebuild the connection between the Overworld and the Underworld, that's all.
...Is it that obvious?
I made a promise to Bronya that if something were to happen to her, I'd rescue her myself.
Hmm... I didn't really give it much thought. But traveling with you bunch does always lead to unexpected surprises.
Hearty combat and exciting adventures... Not bad, I certainly don't hate it.
Of course... Heh, you didn't see the look on Joshua's face. He could barely hold back his tears.
Chief Oleg... He didn't say much, but I know he's not the kind to wear his heart on his sleeve.
It was my choice to go up, and Natasha supported my decision. Besides, you could use another person who can fight, right?
Alright, then let's cut the chat and move out!
It's bad — really bad. Their weapons and automatons are much stronger than anything we have.
Nobody's been seriously hurt, but a few Wildfire members got minor injuries. Fortunately for us, it seems like they were holding back.
Nobody's been seriously hurt, but a few Wildfire members got minor injuries. Fortunately for us, it seems like they were holding back.
Their weapons and automatons are much stronger than anything we have.
You see those two in black? They've been guarding the mine entrance — they're not letting anyone in or out. Hey! Just because you have fancy equipment doesn't mean you can bully us! Who do you think you are?
What's the matter? Got nothing to say!?
A few miners made it out earlier — they looked pretty panicked. They said the whole mine had been seized by the people in black.
These uninvited guests keep talking about "asset evaluation," whatever that means. All I know is they're seriously disrupting the lives of the Underworlders!
Who?
The person you're talking about — are they in charge of the people in black?
Hey, you two! Cat got your tongue or something? If you knew what was best for you, you'd get out of my way!
...IPC? Interviews!? I don't know what you're rambling on about, but you're really testing my patience.
That's it? He sure took off quickly.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I've been warned that the ones in the mine won't go down without a fight.
Ready for action? It's time to kick the IPC out of the Underworld.
Let's get moving!
Mm, make sure you've got everything you need.
Well, the situation here is pretty similar to when you first arrived. It's just that instead of a few thugs and broken robots, now we're dealing with much more formidable adversaries.
What!? Isn't that thing a Fragmentum monster? She's keeping one as a pet!?
Look, you guys. Looks like it wants to leave.
Those cowards! I guess they wanna do this the hard way!
...But aren't they on the IPC's side? Strange...
Hmph! We'll see who's really in charge. Let's go!
Wow, for something so short and stubby, he's pretty nimble.
Well, I guess that's that. We're on our own now. Let's keep going.
Yeah. Judging by the looks on their faces, I don't think they'll be back.
So who is this "Topaz" anyway? She seems to have no problem ordering these idiots around, or taming Fragmentum creatures, for that matter...
Debt? What do you mean?
Why did this mess have to happen so close to the festivities? The timing couldn't have been any worse.
Hey, you! Are you in charge around here?
Don't lie to us! You seized the mine by force for yourself — you drove the locals out of their homes!
I'm warning you — get lost or suffer the consequences! Don't you dare show your face around here again!
Save your breath, March. I never held out any hope of resolving this problem peacefully.
Didn't you claim the IPC was all-powerful? Well now's the perfect chance to show us what you can do!
Go on without me, I still have stuff to take care of. The miners need to know what happened here.
Bronya messaged you, which means she thinks you can help. I trust her judgment.
Back so soon? Any news?
Important matter, huh...?
I can tell from your tone this isn't gonna be a lighthearted chat... but I'm ready to hear it.
...
I... think I get it. At first, I thought it was just a few IPC ruffians overstepping their boundaries...
Right... I need a little time to process this...
...In that case... I... I abstain.
I've thought about it... This responsibility rests on Bronya's shoulders, not mine.
No, this responsibility rests on Bronya's shoulders, not mine.
No matter the choice she makes, she has far greater foresight than I do — she can see the bigger picture more clearly than I can.
The vote is tied. If I were to give you my view, it would tip the scales and possibly impact her final choice.
I'll respect whatever decision she makes, but... it's not my place to make it for her.
Right... It's Bronya's decision. She knows what's at stake — she won't run away from her duty. I trust her wholeheartedly.
If she asks you, just let her know my reasoning. She'll understand.
Hey, where are you going!? Don't think you can just run off — come back here and finish talking things through with Natasha.
You guys have some moves. If you need my help with anything, just shout.
Hmph, it'll take more than that. But you're not as bad as I took you for. You walk the talk.
Huh, couldn't even give it a minute, could you?
I've been on my feet all day. I don't have the energy for more headaches right now. Let me catch my breath and I'll come find you tomorrow.
Oh, I wanted to ask you — that Bronya girl... Is she really a Silvermane Guard?
Oh? She heads up the force? Hm... Not bad.
No, no, she's got skill alright, I can tell she's got training.
It's just... I thought that Silvermane Guards were all cold and unfeeling — they left the Underworld to perish. But she... doesn't give me that impression.
Anyway, I've got stuff to report to the chief. See you around.
Hmph, fleeing at the first sign of danger... that's all they're good for.
Easy! It belongs to the mining team. We can't just destroy it. We should try and fix it.
Yeah, of course, every Underworlder worth their salt knows how to fix a mine cart. Let me see...
...Hmm. Even the pin connecting the body to the chassis is broken, not to mention the rear wheelset bearing. This looks like the work of Svarog's minions.
We need to find spare parts we can use nearby. Argh, we're wasting time...
Let me see... Yeah, we can make do with this part. This little machine isn't half bad.
Well, not that long... But that little machine definitely made it a lot easier. Alright, let's go back and fix the mine cart.
Let me have a look...
No good, all the components here are rusted. Let's keep looking.
Hmm...
The wheels are completely broken, but the connecting component should be pretty much okay. Let's remove it.
Let me see...
Ugh, where's the pin? Is there anything those vagrants won't steal?
At least the chassis and the wheelset are relatively intact. Here, give me a hand removing the wheels.
Hmph, quick work. Y'know, I didn't think you guys had worked a day in your lives, but you know how to get your hands dirty.
The robots will have seized the road ahead by now. We should go carefully.
...I'll be the judge of that. Come on, let's take a closer look.
Great, let's head back and fix the cart.
Why wouldn't I? You've gotta be self-reliant down here. Watch, you might learn something.
That's not the only thing you won't have heard of down here, princess.
Shut it, this isn't your territory. I'm in a hurry — I'll take you all in one go!
We're here. This is Rivet Town... *sigh* Everything looks familiar...
Let's go, and watch your step. I haven't been here in a long time. There are probably some monsters around.
We can't see anything here... Let's find higher ground to get a better view.
Way over there, see that house on the hill? That's Natasha's old orphanage.
After Oleg found me, he sent me there. I spent over half my childhood in that place.
Natasha said that the house was donated by some rich businessman. Whatever his business may have been, he must have been a good person.
Oh, I miss those carefree days as a kid...
What? Nothing to say?
...Weirdo.
Look down there. See the mess that remains of those old stalls? That's Rivet Town's market. The supplies Natasha wants are probably there.
Let's keep moving. Watch out for monsters.
Careful! Enemies ahead.
These aren't like vagrants. They won't—
Heh, the most famous restaurant in town. Natasha would bring the kids who behaved well here for a special meal.
Do I seem like I was a goody two-shoes? Of course not.
Now that you mention it, it does seem a little... Could people still be living here? Impossible...
There's a bunch of crates piled over there. Maybe we can find what we're looking for.
Watch out for monsters. They like to hide. If you need to, clear the area before you dig for the supplies.
...
Darn, how could they all be empty? Now even the monsters are gathering supplies?
You mean that someone else got here and took everything before us?
*sniff* The scent of dirt is still fresh. They can't have come too long before us.
Let's go then. We need to find something, even if we have to search every corner of this market.
...Eric?
Hey, brat! How could you come here by yourself. Don't you know how dangerous this place is?
You took the materials and hid them all here? Not bad, kid.
But if we didn't take care of those monsters, what were you planning to do? Just stay here, shaking in your boots?
Still stubborn, huh? Then tell me, how exactly were you gonna get those big metal plates out of here past those monsters?
Don't let him fool you. Everyone in the Underworld knows that this brat is a no-good thief. If I remember correctly, even the clothes you're wearing came off another kid's back?
Don't be so polite to him. Everyone in the Underworld knows this brat is a no-good thief. If I remember correctly, even the clothes you're wearing came off another kid's back?
Tell us, what do you even want metal plates and gauze bandages for? We need them to save people.
What?
...Are you kidding me? You want to negotiate?
You're actually planning to give this little crook money? I'm telling you. This is his same old trick—
Pretending to use your dad again as an excuse... If he knew about this, you'd be in big trouble.
...That object was pretty important to you, right?
Are you sure you're okay just giving it to Eric like that?
Hah, and what if he doesn't?
...
I don't really get what you just said. Anyway, ahem, we should get moving.
Eric said that we need to take the shopping street to go any further. I think I still remember where it is... this way.
This is the street alright. The orphanage should be at the end.
The entrance to the orphanage is up this way.
I wonder what the old place is like now. Maybe some things will still look familiar.
Almost there! I didn't expect this place to be so well preserved.
Y'know, if we could've worked together to push back the Fragmentum... maybe we wouldn't have had to take off and leave our homes behind.
Do you think undergrounders care about expiration dates? Even having any supplies is a miracle in itself.
No... No... Empty...
How are they all empty? Who could've—
Hmph, I don't care how big you are. You dare sneak up on us from behind. This is it for you, pal!
Ha... That was it?
Nah, I could've taken it on by myself. But still... fighting alongside you two was pretty fun.
Please, you don't think I could do it? But still... fighting alongside you two was pretty fun.
Should be all clear now. Let's poke around.
The kids at the orphanage were always getting into scraps when we played out here. If I remember it right, there ought to be some supplies for our cuts and bruises stored in that corner there.
I just hope the monster didn't get to them.
Huh? What are you talking about?
What!? Come on, the overground and underground have been sealed off from each other for over ten years. It would've been news if a Silvermane Guard had come down here, let alone an Overworld princess.
Wait, unless, before that...
We've looked everywhere but here... I hope my memory is right.
It's... Ah! Yes, we found it!
Great, and it's barely damaged! Nat wouldn't have expected her old supplies from years ago to have stayed in such good condition.
Hm, true. Let me check a few bottles.
...Huh? What's this?
Wh—When you were a child!? Are you sure...?
You're... an undergrounder? Wait a minute... you're saying that Cocolia, the Supreme Guardian, adopted you? Then—
...
The kids at the orphanage are always coming and going... I never thought that there would've been a future Supreme Guardian among us! Does Nat know about this? Could she have been keeping it a secret...
Hey! Are you done?
Wah wah wah... So annoying.
What? You thought I should feel sorry for you after your little speech? You can hide in your palace while you fuss over your Overworld problems, and on the front line it's not even you who's putting their life in danger. But in the Underworld, what do we worry about? If we'll have food for our next meal or survive to the next week!
Even if I am but a small glimmer of light in this world, I must try my best to shine brightly for others. Didn't you say that? Well, if you really want to protect everyone, what are you standing here crying for? Get to it!
Hmph. I'm no good at consoling, but I can hit you on the head a few times. No problem.
...I can tell that you have a big burden to carry. Why do you force yourself to?
Yeah yeah, Lady Bronya~ Hmph, Miss Future Supreme Guardian comes from the same orphanage as me... Who thought it would be a good idea to put us together, huh?
How about I show you around the orphanage a bit more? Unlike you, my memories from when I was little are crystal clear.
...Clara? What are you doing here?
...Why are you helping the vagrants look for medicine? If they're so great, how could they make a little girl go around running errands for them?
...
*sigh* I see. Let's split these painkillers then.
If I know Nat, she won't mind. Although this will make it more difficult for us... she'll understand. She always does.
Metal plates and bandages... rubbing alcohol... painkillers. Great, that's everything.
Let's go report to Natasha in Boulder Town, it won't take long to get back.
...We made it! It's been so long... but this place hasn't changed one bit.
Oh! It looks like there's a lot of stuff piled outside. Let's go see if there's any rubbing alcohol for Nat.
Hey, where are you going!? Let's look around the orphanage first.
I found this. Here, take it.
Natasha would often teach us how to make different handicrafts. This must be some kid's masterpiece.
You gave your medal to that kid Eric. This thing might not be as valuable, but it's at least a replacement of sorts.
...You sure are prissy, huh? Just take it.
Yep. You pick, red or blue?
Ha! Look at this. After over ten years, the teeth marks are still here.
Alright, well... this one time, a big kid was trying to steal this toy from me. I couldn't outwrestle him for it, so I just bit down hard and hung on for dear life.
Ah, it sure brings back memories... I still remember one time I swung super high, and everyone was scared I would fly off.
At the time, I wanted to swing myself into the sky and fly up to the Overworld.
Hmph, aren't we all, though?
Nat! We're back.
Hey, no need to lie, Nat wouldn't be upset about what we did.
Clara had already arrived at the storage room by the time we got there. We split the painkillers with her.
Hey, don't worry. I'll help you.
I bet old Oleg wants to talk about Svarog. We should get going — sorry Nat, we'll have to leave the wounded to you.
Huh? Tired already?
You're gonna have to step it up, y'know. My record is six days no shut-eye.
Hmph, he wouldn't understand — you're forgetting he's a robot. It'd be faster to smash him to scrap metal!
Mm, I'm on it, boss.
No, Oleg didn't assign that to me. But I've got a pretty good idea who it's gonna be.
...You okay over there?
...Hook? You...
Alright, alright, don't get started. But I wanna ask you something: Everyone in Wildfire knows the location of Svarog's lair. Why do we need you as a guide?
You've been inside?
Many vagrants are staying here temporarily. Their homes were overrun by monsters.
No. Svarog may be ruthless, but he never attacks without reason. For those with no home, this is actually a safe place to be.
Hm... If I hadn't moved away when I did, I'd probably be where they are right now.
Certification?
...Time out. Where do we get this "certification"?
Don't take Svarog as an ordinary robot. He's, uh... special.
This has to be one of them, right?
Is it even awake in there? Maybe it's broken down.
Ah! That scared me.
Wishful thinking, it's about to attack!
Ha? What did this bucket of bolts just say?
If we turn you into scrap metal, we still get our certification, right? Suits me!
There's something wrong with this one...
Ha! Finally, no more racking our brains. This rust bucket's about to meet its maker!
Ha! Learned how to behave now?
This better work. Let's get back to the gate and give it a go.
I'll commend you to the chief. No need to waste your time.
A gate...
Ugh... Why is there another gate here!?
Sampo, what is this?
...Sampo? Where is he?
It's that same type of robot again! Please don't tell me there's another round of "processing."
Are we gonna smash this one too? Count me in.
She went back? But we were just there. *sigh* Sounds like we better head over again.
...It wasn't as fun as you think.
You don't look so tough yourself. Well, let's find her. Svarog's not going anywhere.
Clara said she was going to find components, right? Let's start with Nat's storage room.
...These can openers all look the same. How can you tell them apart?
In danger? What do you mean?
Not good. She's in danger! Quick. Let's head over to the workshop and check it out. I know the way.
Just as we feared, there's something big over there! And there's Clara — we have to save her!
Are you okay, Clara? Are you hurt?
You shouldn't be running around by yourself. It's too dangerous. What are you looking for here?
...We were planning on paying him a visit.
No, this time we need to set things straight with him face to face. Can you take us to meet him?
Don't I know it. But he's evaded communication with us for too long — this time we have to see him.
Listen kid, you—
...Isn't that just putting us in a cage? It's ridiculous — what difference does it make if our death gets postponed a couple of days? How is that better than putting up a fight?
Clara—
...Y'know Clara, if you're too kind, people can take advantage of you.
Bronya! I didn't know you'd stick up for us like that back there — well said!
I'll leave negotiations to you guys. They're not my strong point.
Tsk... looks like we have to take action after all.
Nat? How did you...
Sampo! I knew you'd be involved somehow...
Is this it, Nat? Us, Wildfire, the Underworld... Did... did we win?
...What's up, nervous?
...I'm sorry. It's no use lying to yourself, Bronya. It's time for you to make a decision.
Hey... maybe you should find someone to talk to...
Don't let it get you down — you can share your feelings with others y'know? Do you think keeping it all to yourself is doing you any good?
You let that status of yours go to your head, huh? Afraid to show weakness? That's why you're keeping so much bottled up inside, right?
This isn't the Overworld. We don't do envy and etiquette down here. Whatever's on your mind, you can say it.
...No, you just have to be clear on what you should do.
You've spent long enough living in lies, Bronya. This is your chance to break out of the cage.
So what's the plan?
...
Bronya was right... The Silvermane Guards really are risking their lives to protect Belobog.
One unit for everything? That's a disaster waiting to happen — we learned the hard way.
Stubborn fool... strong, though. Wildfire lacks people like him.
Careful! There's a big guy up ahead.
Hmph, if we can beat Svarog, we can beat this one. Let's go!
This guy... knows how to put up a fight. I've never come up against anyone this relentless!
They're not lying, I promise you.
Regardless of what you believe, these guys have been a great help to the Underworld. Many people would vouch for them.
If I'd known he had the encryption key from the start, I could've snuck in and taken it off him myself.
I gotta admit, I had a lot of... misunderstandings... about the Silvermane Guards. They're fighting for survival here every day, just like Wildfire.
The difference is we're making a stand for freedom... while they're just carrying out orders.
Put ourselves in their shoes... Easier said than done. Everyone has their struggles, but how can we understand them if we can't even see each other?
Of course I do, I've understood them for a while now. But as far as I can tell, she doesn't need other people's understanding. She needs to understand her own heart.
...It's the same with Gepard. I could tell it took a lot for him to lay down his arms.
I think I can already hear the storm on the other side of the city walls... Not a reassuring sound.
I hope Serval's right... That supreme lunatic better not have harmed Bronya.
Hmph, well I'm gonna make sure I don't owe the Guards any favors when this is done!
The more the merrier, these guys are nothing! Hold the line!
Hey, Mr. Silvermane, listen to your sister! I can tell just by looking at you that you haven't fully recovered.
Is this... the Fragmentum Gepard was talking about?
...This place makes my flesh crawl... like there are insects under my skin.
This is... Bronya's!
Yeah! So she's... she's been here already?
Right, she must be! This can't be a coincidence.
Ha, just in time! We had no idea which direction to take. Let's go!
This is a complex mechanism. How did they get past?
*sigh* Are there other units around?
...I see it too — let's go.
I've never seen such a desolate place... At least in Rivet Town, you could tell that people used to live there.
Where is the next mechanism... Oh, behind that gate.
...Then, aren't we walking straight into a trap?
Hmph... there's no way back anyway. At least Cocolia won't catch us off guard now. So what if it's an ambush!? We're not about to lose now!
I have to save Bronya, beat Cocolia, and crush this Stellaron thing to dust!
We're one step closer to Bronya. Let's move!
I don't care how strange it is, it's blocking our way... Let's get it!
It's that "shadow" of hers again... but Bronya's isn't with her this time.
Not good — March, out the way!
Those stairs... it's the only way forward.
This means that Bronya is up ahead... and so is the fate of the Overworld and the Underworld... It's all in our hands.
Strange, I thought I'd feel nervous or afraid... but I don't. The only feeling I have... is that none of this seems real.
I was about to bore you all with my gloomy reflections... but on second thought — not today. Adventuring with you guys by my side has made me feel like no obstacle is too big.
Hey, it's too dangerous to operate the mechanism with them here... We better clean this place up first!
Did the Architects build this...?
Your brainwashing ends here, you witch!
You wish! We're not going down before you do!
Bronya! I don't know what happened between you and them. Even if you explained it to me, I probably wouldn't understand all the crazy details. But there are two things I do know...
One: These guys have come through hell to get here — to seal this Stellaron thing.
And two: Do you remember what I said? If anything happened to you, I'd save you.
Do you understand? Even if the damage is done — even if you've completely forgotten our promise, then... then I'm just gonna have to knock you out and bring you back myself!
Bad sign...
...We have to stop it!
Hmph. The future of Belobog is no longer just the guardian's to decide.
Even in the face of the blizzard and the Fragmentum... the people of this city never gave up hope, never stopped yearning for tomorrow.
We have to save her. The Underworld... no, the entire planet relies on her.
It's over...
No... No, no way.
You have to, Bronya.
I... I don't know how to explain it... but I don't think there's any other way.
In the Underworld, we tell the kids "things will be better tomorrow." Everyone knows it's a lie, but it gets them to sleep with some hope.
Can you imagine the consequences if we told the people what happened here? They'd be devastated. If we can't trust the guardians, who — or what — can we trust...?
It keeps the hope of preservation alive, at least.
Say no more — I know what to do.
Of course, leave it to me — Nat's probably getting anxious about the delay.
...Are you okay!?
Right... I almost forgot, you're still wanted by the guards... I might be an Underworlder, but at least I don't stand out as much as you guys.
That's settled then. I'll leave Nat to you. Remember to keep the secret — for Bron— No, for Belobog's sake.
Are you alright? Are you hurt anywhere? Do you feel dizzy? Tired? Or...
Isn't that normal? This place is freezing... *sneeze* Ugh...
Don't worry, I'm a tough cookie. Here, hold on to me... let's go.
...Nah, I'll pass. It's not like anyone else has a chance with him around.
Hey! How have your travels been? Thanks to you, things are pretty peaceful around here. The chief and I are getting restless!
...Homey? Sheesh, you must've gone through a lot since leaving here...
Uh...
...No, it's just... I'm worried Luka might do something stupid again.
Ugh... How old are you again?
...Why don't we stop there, chief. I'd rather not relive the moment.
...Fine. I'll take you there.
...Looks like it's over already.
Another title defended — congrats, Luka.
...The crowd never gets tired, do they?
You're popular as ever, "champion."
Of course not. Two senior members of Wildfire duking it out in the Fight Club? That would be bad form.
...Nothing. Just that thing Chief Oleg mentioned before.
It's not like we actually fought. Two senior members of Wildfire duking it out in the Fight Club? That would be bad form.
...I don't fight for fun. Stop getting your hopes up.
Anyway, now that you've dragged us out here, what did you wanna talk about?
...
Whoa, whoa, hold your horses. Chief Oleg wanted us to come and cheer for you, he didn't say anything about becoming your sparring partners.
We haven't got the time...
...That might be the weirdest thing you've ever said.
...I don't need you to remind me. Let's go.
Hey... Hey! Luka, you're up!
Ha, you're finally awake! You've been out for the whole day. We were really worried!
...Where else? You think we'd leave you on Svarog's turf?
...I'm not gonna let you off the hook that easy — there's more to this story. You need to explain what the heck got into you today.
Like I said, he's a robot... No matter how good his calculations are, he's not designed to pull punches.
The one good thing about you losing is that we didn't have to hear it again.
That's on me too... I should've refused him straightaway. I had a bad feeling from the start.
Hey, where do you think you're—
I really don't get him...
What's that supposed to mean?
...I don't think anybody gets it.
...Well whatever they are, they're not good enough.
If he never intended to explain anything to us, why did he drag us along? No, this is too weird — I'm gonna follow him and see what he's up to.
...I can't just let it go. Luka didn't use to be like this.
Of course. You're not too busy these days, right? I'll give you a shout if I need help.
Luka didn't use to be like this... I can't just let it go.
Don't worry, Nat.
Oh, you're here! Come on — he wasn't in a hurry so we should be able to catch up easy enough.
Mm.
...That is, unless you're planning a big delay!
I have a bad feeling about this... Luka always does things on the spur of the moment.
...Maybe he's on a victory high? Or maybe not. Either way, it's classic Luka.
...Too passionate. Either way, it's classic Luka — I'm used to it by now.
Still, when it comes to fighting on the front lines, you can put your life in his hands. There's a dozen of us in Wildfire who are still in his debt... not to mention ordinary Underworlders.
...That's a story for another day. I have no idea what he's up to this time, we'll just have to wait and see.
Why does Luka always come sneaking back into town like this?
I haven't seen him for a while... I hope he's grown up a bit since then.
This is Svarog's turf. Where to now?
Came along to help, huh...
...Hey, how can you be so sure?
What was that all about? You're 100% certain we're gonna find those robots for him?
You mean...
I think... Luka's analysis makes sense, provided there was only one thief.
So, you do have a brain somewhere in all that muscle.
Here, look... someone deliberately scratched off the paintwork — didn't even do a good job of it.
Done! The little one can fly again!
Haha, we really found it! Pretty lucky if you ask me.
It really does have a tracking function... Let's see how useful it is.
Hey, it's flying away! Follow it!
Hmph, shying away from honest work, indulging in petty crime — of course you're "doing just fine."
Going all the way, huh? Enough talk then — Luka, let's get him!
...What was that supposed to be? "The Moltammerville warrior"...?
Yeah, I was gonna ask... what was all that supposed to be?
...
Fine, let's finish up here. But I'm gonna put it out there — we're not gonna forget those lines of yours anytime soon...
To be honest, I think you could've handled it yourself.
You said this was the first step, right...? So just how many steps does your training have, exactly?
Um, maybe we can talk about that later...
...Huh? Fragmentum? But the settlement...
Like master, like student... I admire your attitude. In any case, if this concerns the Fragmentum, then there's no time to lose. Where are the monsters? Lead the way.
There are so many of them... Are you sure the fissure only recently opened up?
Enough talk. Let's clean up this area.
So, this guy is the source of it all, right? If we take him out, the Fragmentum activity in this area should subside for a while...
...And trial two will be complete.
...It's been too long since I had a good workout. This will be a nice warm-up!
Phew! That was a tough one... Good teamwork, guys.
Luka, is that everyth—
You...
Are you okay!?
...Why are you so hyped? What's going on?
...Don't copy him!
Seriously, why are you so hyped up today?
...You call that normal? I might have let it slide if it was in the cage... On second thought, no, that was cringe even by Fight Club standards.
True, but quit changing the subject! This new "routine" of yours is just...
*sigh* ...I guess we're in too deep, better let it run its course. So tell us, what else is on the schedule.
Are you sure you're thinking clearly!?
...No, I can't agree to this, you're asking for trouble! Forget about winning or losing — the relationship between Wildfire and Svarog only just got patched up...
Are you mad? Svarog is a robot! He doesn't understand the rules of the cage! He's different from us. His fists are made of steel—
...
You know what I mean — don't act smart with me! Ugh, you don't make any sense...
...
...Alright. Fine. We'll go find Svarog and have a nice chat with him.
Lemme say this first — if he doesn't wanna deal with you as a challenger, then we're getting out of there ASAP.
...Don't look at me. He's the one who came up with this idea. It's up to you to accept it or not, Svarog.
...He's the one who came up with this idea. It's up to you to accept it or not, Svarog.
Hey, why are you fanning the flames!?
*sigh* He's the one who came up with this idea. It's up to you to accept it or not, Svarog.
...Huh!? Hold on — you agree?
...What? That's the worst excuse I've ever heard!
I...
...Fine, I get it. If you insist...
Competitors, take up positions!
In the blue corner, Svarog from the Robot Settlement — are you ready?
In the red corner, Luka from Moltammerville — are you ready?
...Okay. This is a no holds barred contest. One round only. Victory will be declared when one contestant submits, or the fight is stopped by the referee...
Alright... fight!
Hey, wake up! On your feet!
Luka! Hey, Luka...!
Luka... Do you often find stuff for other people?
Ha... no wonder.
The people living here don't want to either, they've got no other choice.
Yeah.
Luka, come clean with me. Are you here for some other reason?
It's a long story... I'll tell you later.
Luka, you—
...Never mind. I get the feeling I'm wasting my breath.
Have you talked to Oleg about going to see Svarog?
*sigh*
Luka, make sure you—
*sigh* Never mind. Just don't go overboard.
Nearly there! It's not gonna last much longer.
...Red contestant down! Ten, nine, eight, seven...
...Enough, Luka! Let's end it here!
Look, there he is!
Shh! Be quiet! You almost exposed us!
—Hey!
We're gonna lose him if we don't hurry... Hook, run back to town — stop hanging around here.
A case?
I... For some reason, I feel like...
...Yeah. I don't have a reason. It's just a feeling.
Then again, we followed him for ages... It'll be a waste if we don't see what's inside.
...Yeah, you're right.
I wonder what's in there. Here, let me open it...
Is this a... notebook?
...
Luka... I think I get it now.
Mm... Maybe one day we can talk about it with him... but let's give him some time.
Mm... Me too... but maybe we should give him some time.
Good night... Margie.
Oh no, he caught us...
Wait, that's... Hook!? What's she doing here?
Up to no good...
...I can't tell if you're joking.
Luka should tell her to go back to town — he's always worrying after the kids' safety.
...We've come this far, we can't let this kid ruin everything!
Shh, she's coming this way!
Hey, that's too close! Step back a bit!
Ugh... where is he going...?
This doesn't feel right... Hey, let's hide for a bit!
Phew... thank goodness we didn't lose him. Quick, let's keep up the chase!
Did he... put something down?
Let's go have a look.
So, you guys travel across the galaxy and journey through space like this every day? That's so cool... No wonder everyone on the Express is so knowledgeable.
Huh? Not like you to be modest.
*sigh* You really like a compliment, don't you... Haha, just kidding — that's exactly what I thought you'd say.
I've yet to experience it myself, but no one in their right mind would turn down a chance to journey through space.
Boarding the Express is just one small step — I don't know if I'll ever get the chance to travel the depths of the universe... After all, I did promise Bronya and Nat that I'd continue to protect the Underworld and help rebuild Belobog...
Still, I bet there's still a chance for kids like Hook and Clara, right? Who knows, maybe they'll be able to represent Belobog as it returns to the arms of the universe!
I'll see you next time — you'll invite me back, right?
Well, let me tell you...
...Hold your horses. I haven't said anything yet.
Perhaps in a few years... or maybe a few decades... When Belobog's weather stabilizes, I'll suggest that Bronya construct a railway in the city.
Then we'll build a... No, we'll build a whole lot of them — trains that look just like the Astral Express.
When the Eternal Freeze finally lifts, people will be able to get around more easily, and the railway will expand. One day, it'll connect different cities — not just Belobog.
It's exciting just thinking about it! I'm sure everyone will love the idea.
It was just a random idea that popped into my head — I've no idea how to actually implement it.
Maybe I should go talk to Serval? Svarog might be able to help, too...
Pom-Pom, the conductor — what kind of food do they like? Do they like snow radish? Herbs? Or maybe...
Huh? You're asking me?
Ha? What's it got to do with you?
I've been researching Pom-Pom in the encyclopedia for ages, but I still can't figure out what species they are. Then again, there aren't many species of talking animal...
...Hey, what's with that look? I know how to do research too, okay!?
Hmph, I'll figure out what Pom-Pom is and what they like before you do! Just you wait!
Why is Pom-Pom ignoring me?
Grr, they're treating me like a ghost...
It's super cozy — you guys really have it good on the Express. When things get better, I'm gonna redesign my room and use the Express' style as inspiration.
Mm, I'd like to give it a try... March's room, on the other hand... a little too pink and cute for my liking.
Uh-uh, I think you mean "less." There's no way my room's ever gonna be that color...
Regardless of the design, I've decided on one thing — a life-size Pom-Pom doll!
Pom-Pom's so soft, and fluffy, and... Ahem! What were you saying?
I wonder if Nat would be able to make a Pom-Pom doll for me...?
I'll ask her about it next time.
Jarilo-VI is tiny from here...
Belobog is even smaller... I can barely even see it from the Express...
The universe is so vast — it's scary...
You're right, it's breathtaking... but it also sends a bit of a chill down my spine.
Brr, it sends a chill down my spine... but it's also magnificent.
So many stars... Who are they shining for?
I can't understand it, and maybe I never will. It doesn't matter though — making the best of every single day and living life the way I want to is what's important.
I guess once things settle down, I can spare a moment to contemplate the stars.
Making the best of every single day and living life the way I want to — those are the most important things to me.
I guess once things settle down, I can spare a moment to contemplate the stars.
Ahem... I'm sorry, I'm not very good at this. This is just a little something to say thank you. Nothing expensive — I hope you don't mind.
I wonder... how many other worlds are out there in the universe? Are they going through the same struggles as us? Perhaps they're facing even greater challenges...?
Maybe they're also waiting for the Express to arrive. You guys really carry a lot of weight on your shoulders, don't you?
Oh, hey, it's you guys. That was some performance just now.
I've been keeping an eye on the crowds — this festival has created quite the buzz in Belobog... Accidents tend to happen in these situations, so it's crucial to have someone keeping an eye out at all times.
But things are going well — you guys pulled off a win, and everyone's happy. You've got quite a few die-hard fans in Belobog, you know. If you guys had been knocked out of the competition, there's no telling what they might have done.
Anyway, I should get back to work... Here's hoping you keep on winning.
There are so many stars...
Mm-hmm, it's settled then.
Think Pom-Pom will like it...?
The Crew members' rooms...
I feel so small...
Just a little gesture...
Welcome aboard, {NICKNAME}. I'm Himeko, navigator of the Astral Express. I'm sure we're about to embark on a fascinating journey together.
Hey there. Tired? How about a coffee?
Relax, Pom-Pom and I are here to take care of the train.
The Express and I are like old friends — we've helped each other a lot. I fixed it so that it could get back to its original route, and in return it takes me to unknown frontiers.
As far as malfunctions on the train are concerned, I've usually dealt with them before you guys even realize anything's amiss.
I'm speculating, but I think the Express departs from Akivili's home world and returns there before starting the journey anew. So the Express doesn't have a "final stop" per se — it's up to you where you disembark.
I have a knack for blending different coffee beans. Can I make you a cup? I recommend not adding milk — black coffee is proper coffee.
Seems like only Dan Heng has a kind word for my coffee. What do you think? ...Well, I've always thought that bitter is better...
When people live together it seems like nobody ever changes. Only when they're away from each other for a long time do surprising transformations occur...
When we scour the universe for the things we seek, most of the time it's less of a "Eureka, I found it!" moment and more of a "Is this it? What if I'm wrong?" moment.
If I woke up on the Express without any memories, there's no way I'd recover as quickly as March has. I admire her for that, but I also worry about her... If I'm ever too busy, please do take the time to chat with her.
Dan Heng is the cautious type — I think he's gotten used to doing things by himself. He doesn't like to bother or inconvenience others. That's why I asked him to be the train's guard and maintain the data bank. I don't think he'd have joined us if there wasn't anything for him to do.
I think Welt's anxious that he can't keep up with you youngsters, but he sure seems young at heart to me...
To Pom-Pom, I'll always be the train's mechanic, haha.
 He's not so uptight nowadays. I think {NICKNAME} and March helped him understand that relying on others sometimes really isn't a big deal.
 He's not so uptight nowadays. I think {NICKNAME} and March helped him understand that relying on others sometimes really isn't a big deal.
The Express's path bridges the stars, as if it were a string of shimmering pearls.
With countless marvelous sights to be seen, I couldn't possibly consider stopping here.
Our final stop can never truly be reached.
The human thirst for discovery is truly boundless.
 If there's anything you need, don't hesitate to ask, {NICKNAME}.
 If there's anything you need, don't hesitate to ask, {NICKNAME}.
Make sure to keep yourself safe this time March... and remember, we're all in this together.
I'll be right behind you with all the support you need, Dan Heng.
I'll be right behind you with all the support you need, Dan Heng. Be fearless.
See, Welt, I told you we'd have lots of chances to shine.
I have something for you.
Be careful.
Combat is a series of precise machinations.
It won't be so easy next time.
One at a time!
Come one, come all.
Barely felt it.
You've got a lot of nerve.
Perhaps you still don't understand...
Humanity never conceals its desire to control the heavens... And I'm no exception.
You won't get away!
I was... just getting... started...
Did you miss me?
Much obliged.
Burn away.
One step closer to the stars.
This is also the reward of trailblazing.
What a pleasant surprise.
Sometimes you gotta do things yourself.
Practice target?
Fancy a coffee?
Time for a detailed overhaul.
Oh, how nice.
No help required.
Welcome aboard, {NICKNAME}. I'm Himeko, navigator of the Astral Express. I'm sure we're about to embark on a fascinating journey together.
Hey there. Tired? How about a coffee?
Relax, Pom-Pom and I are here to take care of the train.
The Express and I are like old friends — we've helped each other a lot. I fixed it so that it could get back to its original route, and in return it takes me to unknown frontiers.
As far as malfunctions on the train are concerned, I've usually dealt with them before you guys even realize anything's amiss.
I'm speculating, but I think the Express departs from Akivili's home world and returns there before starting the journey anew. So the Express doesn't have a "final stop" per se — it's up to you where you disembark.
I have a knack for blending different coffee beans. Can I make you a cup? I recommend not adding milk — black coffee is proper coffee.
Seems like only Dan Heng has a kind word for my coffee. What do you think? ...Well, I've always thought that bitter is better...
When people live together it seems like nobody ever changes. Only when they're away from each other for a long time do surprising transformations occur...
When we scour the universe for the things we seek, most of the time it's less of a "Eureka, I found it!" moment and more of a "Is this it? What if I'm wrong?" moment.
If I woke up on the Express without any memories, there's no way I'd recover as quickly as March has. I admire her for that, but I also worry about her... If I'm ever too busy, please do take the time to chat with her.
Dan Heng is the cautious type — I think he's gotten used to doing things by himself. He doesn't like to bother or inconvenience others. That's why I asked him to be the train's guard and maintain the data bank. I don't think he'd have joined us if there wasn't anything for him to do.
I think Welt's anxious that he can't keep up with you youngsters, but he sure seems young at heart to me...
To Pom-Pom, I'll always be the train's mechanic, haha.
 He's not so uptight nowadays. I think {NICKNAME} and March helped him understand that relying on others sometimes really isn't a big deal.
 He's not so uptight nowadays. I think {NICKNAME} and March helped him understand that relying on others sometimes really isn't a big deal.
The Express's path bridges the stars, as if it were a string of shimmering pearls.
With countless marvelous sights to be seen, I couldn't possibly consider stopping here.
Our final stop can never truly be reached.
The human thirst for discovery is truly boundless.
 If there's anything you need, don't hesitate to ask, {NICKNAME}.
 If there's anything you need, don't hesitate to ask, {NICKNAME}.
Make sure to keep yourself safe this time March... and remember, we're all in this together.
I'll be right behind you with all the support you need, Dan Heng.
I'll be right behind you with all the support you need, Dan Heng. Be fearless.
See, Welt, I told you we'd have lots of chances to shine.
I have something for you.
Be careful.
Combat is a series of precise machinations.
It won't be so easy next time.
One at a time!
Come one, come all.
Barely felt it.
You've got a lot of nerve.
Perhaps you still don't understand...
Humanity never conceals its desire to control the heavens... And I'm no exception.
You won't get away!
I was... just getting... started...
Did you miss me?
Much obliged.
Burn away.
One step closer to the stars.
This is also the reward of trailblazing.
What a pleasant surprise.
Sometimes you gotta do things yourself.
Practice target?
Fancy a coffee?
Time for a detailed overhaul.
Oh, how nice.
No help required.
Welcome aboard, {NICKNAME}. I'm Himeko, navigator of the Astral Express. I'm sure we're about to embark on a fascinating journey together.
Hey there. Tired? How about a coffee?
Relax, Pom-Pom and I are here to take care of the train.
The Express and I are like old friends — we've helped each other a lot. I fixed it so that it could get back to its original route, and in return it takes me to unknown frontiers.
As far as malfunctions on the train are concerned, I've usually dealt with them before you guys even realize anything's amiss.
I'm speculating, but I think the Express departs from Akivili's home world and returns there before starting the journey anew. So the Express doesn't have a "final stop" per se — it's up to you where you disembark.
I have a knack for blending different coffee beans. Can I make you a cup? I recommend not adding milk — black coffee is proper coffee.
Seems like only Dan Heng has a kind word for my coffee. What do you think? ...Well, I've always thought that bitter is better...
When people live together it seems like nobody ever changes. Only when they're away from each other for a long time do surprising transformations occur...
When we scour the universe for the things we seek, most of the time it's less of a "Eureka, I found it!" moment and more of a "Is this it? What if I'm wrong?" moment.
If I woke up on the Express without any memories, there's no way I'd recover as quickly as March has. I admire her for that, but I also worry about her... If I'm ever too busy, please do take the time to chat with her.
Dan Heng is the cautious type — I think he's gotten used to doing things by himself. He doesn't like to bother or inconvenience others. That's why I asked him to be the train's guard and maintain the data bank. I don't think he'd have joined us if there wasn't anything for him to do.
I think Welt's anxious that he can't keep up with you youngsters, but he sure seems young at heart to me...
To Pom-Pom, I'll always be the train's mechanic, haha.
Are you bored, Welt? I understand... But we have lots of opportunities ahead of us. Let's leave the memories of this expedition for them~
...Yes, we haven't seen any Aeon or Emanator-level imaginary reactions. Relax.
This is a young person's adventure, we shouldn't interfere. At most, we could offer a little "off-site assistance."
Our next stop is a small planet called Jarilo-VI.
It's been thousands of years since the last time the Express paid a visit. The data bank shows it was a lush and beautiful place.
But after all this time, it's possible that dramatic changes have occurred.
After all those millennia... is this what Jarilo-VI has become?
Yes... Looks like this trailblazing expedition won't be easy.
The complex locality of this world has been... affected somehow. The star rail has been blocked off by something.
Take an ordinary train as an example: It's like the tracks up ahead have suddenly snapped, and the way forward leads straight into a collapsing abyss...
The only sensible thing to do would be to brake hard, right?
Take an ordinary train as an example: It's like the tracks up ahead have suddenly snapped, and the way forward leads straight into a collapsing abyss...
The only sensible thing to do would be to brake hard, right?
Don't worry. It's not the first time our route has been obstructed by a Stellaron.
Stellarons are clouded in mystery — even Herta isn't able to fully understand them... but at least we know how to neutralize their influences.
Stellarons are clouded in mystery — even Herta isn't able to fully understand them...
But there's no need to worry — this isn't the first time our route has been obstructed by a Stellaron. Even if we don't know much about them, at least we know how to neutralize their influences.
Our current theory is that Stellarons are seeds of disaster planted by a certain Aeon throughout the universe. We can't continue to trailblaze without removing the source of the disaster.
The objective is clear: Find the Stellaron responsible for the disaster and the spatial distortions, and bring it back to the Express. We'll deal with the rest.
Someone has to stay on the train, or Pom-Pom will get lonely.
Not to mention, {RUBY_B#The Destruction}Nanook{RUBY_E#} threw us a glance just now. If we're targeted by the Antimatter Legion, then things could go south fast.
Because you three made a great team back in the space station. My guess is that if you spend even longer together, we'll see something even more impressive.
I know you really want to go, but we should give the youngsters a chance to get out there on their own. It'll be a good opportunity for them to bond.
He's probably already started collating the ecological data and survey results for Jarilo-VI. It's always good to know more about the destination before you start a journey.
Thanks to a brilliant performance, you guys saved the space station from a moment of crisis. Now the Express is relying on you to get it moving again.
Remember, there are four things we do when we arrive at a new world: explore, understand, establish, and connect.
And I'm sure you'll get along really well with March and Dan Heng.
You've been standing here for half an hour. It's rare to see you like this.
Are you worried about those two? Welt is with them. They should be fine.
...Sure.
Stop speaking in riddles, Kafka. Say what you have to say.
...Do you know him?
Is he... connected to that past you want to escape?
Is there anyone who doesn't carry around a past burden? She may not remember it, but even a girl as carefree as March has hers.
We tread on a Path that is hidden from us. The things we see and the trails we blaze all become our baggage. They weigh us down, but they also give us strength to continue the journey.
Try not to dwell on it, Dan Heng.
The Express spends seven standard days at each stop. Its passengers are allowed to do as they deem fit during that time.
Pom-Pom and I are more than capable of looking after the Express.
If there's something you've got to do, do it now. Better than regretting it further down the line.
And... you'll come back and travel with us once this is all over, right?
If there's something you've got to do, do it now. Better than regretting it further down the line.
*sigh* I can't remember the last time I got such a polite response.
Well hang onto it, it's cute.
Ah, no need to worry, Dan Heng's rarely late. I'm sure he must have a good reason...
Dan Heng's situation is special — we hope to protect him to the best of our ability.
The trailblazing of Jarilo-VI has drawn to a close, and the Astral Express must depart for the next planet.
Not telling yet... We'll make an official announcement in the meeting, but I'm keeping you in suspense for now~
The universe is boundless, and trailblazing never ends... Even a lifetime isn't enough to explore every world. That's the beauty of the unknown.
The meeting will start soon.
I've seen your face before, Stellaron Hunter, even if it was only on a Corporation wanted poster. They were offering quite the bounty... dead or alive. Do you know the figure?
...I will say, Herta certainly paid you all a compliment: "A {RUBY_B#Elio}maniac{RUBY_E#} that claims he can see destiny, leading a bunch of {RUBY_B#Stellaron Hunters}wild lunatics{RUBY_E#} in pursuit of the most dangerous objects in the universe!" ...And Herta doesn't give out compliments very often.
You're in the wrong place, Kafka. We're not about to accept your request, and we're not about to get into bed with a Stellaron Hunter. It was nice talking with you. Perhaps next time you'll be willing to pay us a visit in person and we can continue our little discussion.
Stop speaking in riddles, Kafka. Say what you have to say.
...This companion of yours, Blade, he'd perish too, right?
...March, get Dan Heng.
Oh? And why is that?
Haha, I see you're already a full-fledged Trailblazer. You're right, we can't remain indifferent to those in crisis.
We can't trust everything Kafka says. It's credible that the leader of the Stellaron Hunters can predict the future, but Kafka might not be telling the truth.
...This is a difficult matter. If she is telling the truth and we turn a deaf ear, then those on the Luofu will be in great danger.
Oh? How come?
You're right. It's credible that the leader of the Stellaron Hunters can predict the future, but Kafka might not be telling the truth.
It wouldn't be surprising. I've seen the IPC's file on Blade. If the details are accurate, he's incredibly dangerous.
It's hard to believe that someone like him could be captured by the Cloud Knights and that the Stellaron Hunters would look to us for help.
Yes, however... if she is telling the truth and we turn a deaf ear, then those on the Luofu will be in great danger.
I like the way you think.
Hmm...
A Stellaron Hunter implanted you with a Stellaron — a move like that hints at a far-off purpose. Everyone says that Elio can foresee the future, and that every step of his schemes is a foreshadowing.
The Xianzhou Alliance... I've heard of them, but never had any contact with them.
Are you okay, Dan Heng? March brought you up to speed, I assume?
Good. In that case, with regard to the matter at hand, let's vote to decide our next move.
Our Stellaron Hunter claims that a Stellaron burst has occurred on the Xianzhou Luofu, and that we're in the vicinity. If we head for the Luofu, we may have the chance to save many innocent lives.
...However, it's also possible that our Stellaron Hunter is lying and using us for her own ends. Neither Welt nor I believe that she's telling us the truth, but we can't just ignore the intel she's given us...
So, we're about to hold a democratic vote on whether to set a course for the Xianzhou. All those in favor, hold out your hand. All those against, keep your arms by your side.
Three, two, one...
Four against one. Well, it looks like the Astral Express crew has a majority vote to head for the Xianzhou!
Three against two. Well, it looks like the Astral Express crew has a majority vote to head for the Xianzhou!
So, Dan Heng, you want to stay here?
This is the Astral Express, I repeat, this is the Astral Express. We have arrived in Xianzhou territory. Requesting landing permission from ground control... f—from the bridge, I mean.
The signal is still repeating, but no one is guiding us in to dock.
Yes, it's still on repeat... Ah! There we go.
The signal broke off, seems that's all there is.
Relax, I've got Dan Heng here with me.
Yes, but I won't be putting my feet up. There's a lot to take care of here on the train.
Make sure you're properly prepared before you set off.
This time you'll get the chance to witness Welt in action, haha. I'm glad he's going with you.
He doesn't talk much about his past. If you ask him, he'll just tell you about how he worked in animation...
...But that's only a small part of his story. Believe me when I say he has more experience than I do.
You could say he keeps his cards close to his chest. If you ask him, he'll just tell you about how he worked in animation...
Welcome home, you three.
I'd say it's a solid five stars.
Confidence goes a long way.
*chuckles* And miss out on a great adventure? I don't think you'd like that.
Looks like March has fallen in love with the way of the Nameless. That's good to hear.
You can head back to your rooms for some rest, or stay here and make yourselves a cup of coffee, whichever you like.
*chuckles* We need to give him some time, March. I think he treasures the time spent with you guys.
While you were away, Welt and I did some research and came to some interesting conclusions. Let me know if you want to ask about anything.
The Express crew tread upon the Trailblaze. We travel between worlds, like a thread weaved into the life stories of others.
The universe is vast beyond our imagination. It's a miracle that our paths converge. The fact that we get to know and travel with each other can only be seen as the design of destiny.
Sure. Oftentimes those who are involved in historic events don't have the opportunity to see things from a wider perspective. I hope as an onlooker I may provide some help.
Qlipoth the Preservation is known for THEIR... indifference. Unless you become a zealot like those with the Corporation, it's hard to share in the Aeon's power.
Determined to preserve the world they love, the Architects held on for hundreds of years. But as the Fragmentum continued to advance, their already wavering faith started to show some cracks.
And one particular guardian, Cocolia, abandoned the Path of Preservation altogether. In contrast, you stood your ground and proved your faith in the Amber Lord.
Judging by how the battle turned out, Qlipoth responded to your wish. THEIR gaze infused you with the power to wield the weapon of a supreme guardian and to take control of the Colossus.
*chuckles* Don't mention it. Welt and I may have stayed on the Express this whole time, but we've been watching over you the moment you set foot on Jarilo-VI.
Friends look after each other, the same goes for us Nameless. Please remember, no matter where you are in the universe, the Express will always be behind you.
...is a Stellaron, there's no doubt about that.
What I've gathered so far suggests it's likely that the supreme guardian was corrupted by the Stellaron at a very young age. All the tragedies that came after can be traced to that point...
On the flip side, we can't judge Cocolia too harshly. Imagine if it were you or me who had to sit on the throne and watch the city slowly being brought to its knees... Would we not question what we believed in?
Sure, ask away. We've got plenty of time.
Welt may be better equipped to answer that. But if you want my two cents...
I'd say it's unlikely. I guess it's possible, but it would take a long time.
I can tell from your report that the new Supreme Guardian of Belobog is a smart young lady with leadership qualities. What's more important is that she now understands her people after the journey with you.
The firm and honest support she gets from people around her will also prove immensely useful. But fate likes to play tricks on people. Even if during their lifetime they managed to make Jarilo-VI prosper again to a certain degree...
They will remain vulnerable and helpless to countless threats lurking in the recesses of the universe. We can only give them our best wishes from afar.
It's virtually impossible to destroy a Stellaron. No one, not even Herta, has found a way to break its structure. The best we can do at this stage is to prevent its energy from overflowing.
When the supreme guardian was defeated, the Stellaron that had been transmitting energy to her exposed its weakness to us for a brief period of time, allowing Welt and I to contain its power.
That's about all we can do about a Stellaron. It may be suppressed for now, but it's only a matter of time before it regains power.
But this brief window should allow the people on this planet to heal and rebuild.
March, Dan Heng, you've been through a lot.
I wouldn't have made a difference. My orbital cannon can deal with a whole bunch of enemies at once, but I couldn't just blow up the space station with it — Herta would NOT like that...
Are you alright, Arlan? Asta's been worried about you.
Hey, nice to meet you. I'm Himeko, navigator of the Astral Express.
March hasn't been any trouble for you along the way, has she?
Haha, look at you all, you've already gotten really close.
Come on, Asta has been worried about all of you.
Let's go speak with the researchers. Right now, the space station can't afford any more unexpected turns, especially from within. Have you tried contacting Herta?
I knew it... No matter. I'll also send a letter to Herta and tell her that we've brought the rare item she seeks. At least that might get her attention.
Basically speaking, it's a train that travels through space. But more specifically, the Astral Express was a creation of the Aeon, Akivili the Trailblazer.
As for what the Trailblaze, the Aeons, and Akivili are all about, let's talk about it when things have calmed down a little. I don't wanna overwhelm you now, do I?
Light Cones were created by the Garden of Recollection. These followers of the Aeon of {RUBY_B#Fuli}Remembrance{RUBY_E#} refined memory fragments to create Light Cones, which preserve memories.
But you've already realized it, haven't you? Since Light Cones can preserve memories, they can also preserve experiences and abilities. That's why Light Cones are extremely precious rare items under level-2 restriction by the {RUBY_B#Galactic Monopoly}Interastral Peace Corporation{RUBY_E#}.
As far as I know, only the IPC possesses Light Cone technology authorized by the Garden of Recollection. I couldn't say what deal Herta made with the Garden, but knowing her, it was likely off the books...
You should cherish every Light Cone. They are all precious memories of their original owners.
Who exactly you are escapes me, but you seem familiar to me.
I have a couple of hunches, but I can't prove any at this point. So, they'll be my little secrets for now.
Are you concerned about your past? You seem like someone who prefers to look forward rather than back... Or maybe I'm just describing myself.
Come to me anytime if you have more questions.
...We lost communications.
The space station is Herta's creation. As long as a {RUBY_B#Emanator of Destruction}Lord Ravager{RUBY_E#} doesn't intervene, there should be no problems.
Hmm, I can almost guarantee that your Mr. Yang is already on his way.
Right now, we might be able to handle things if it's just the Doomsday Beast. But, if the Destruction's Emanator were to appear...
Let's hurry up and get out of here. I'll explain later.
Could it be...
...I really hope that's true.
This is the supply zone where the maintenance crew works. There's a path here that leads to the nearest railway platform. Let's head over there and meet up with Welt.
Head to the nearest platform. Getting to the Express is our top priority.
I'm out, I'm out! It's gone bananas!
Not good... It's ready to throw everything at us.
You're awake. I had March and Dan Heng stay by the Express to keep an eye on things.
It's almost time. She should be arriving any moment now.
Welcome back, Herta.
This is the true master of the space station — Genius Society number 83, Herta.
Oh! Well, thanks for remembering my name then.
Alright, give the poor child a break, Herta.
And after that?
The Express has its fair share of experiences with Stellarons. The thing you're worried about, and the answers we're looking for are one and the same. Besides...
We can come back any time to let Herta conduct her research. She's absolutely fascinated now.
Come find me when you've made your decision.
So, have you thought things through?
Then come with me.
There's no need to be so formal. You helped us defeat that big fella, anyway. Plus, If we keep speaking pleasantries, we'll waste a whole day.
You've done me a huge favor by defending the space station from the Antimatter Legion. And know that while Herta may not admit it, she owes me one. And she will not refuse me if I ask for a favor in return...
And it's probably not too much to ask for a rare item from the space station, right?
How about we continue talking on the Express? I'll make you a cup of coffee, my special blend.
As always, to follow in the footsteps of Akivili.
Sometimes, we stop on other worlds and we'll continue to do so. There are countless "next stops" in the galaxy.
I love the vast reaches of space, and the Express does too. I want to seek out new worlds, and the Express wants to return to its former path.
Because you're different.
While that might be the biggest reason, it's not the only one.
Well, the fact that you have a Stellaron in your body is not something most people can boast about.
I think you need a chance. A chance to discover just how different you really are from everyone else. Everybody keeps telling you about how special you are, and how you have a Stellaron inside you...
But that's already plain as day to you. And no matter who tells you — be it me, or Herta, or anybody — it's not the same thing as feeling it yourself.
You have to experience enough to know if you've gained or lost anything because of the Stellaron, and to know who you really are... Learn to control the Stellaron and then you can control your destiny.
The Stellaron might still be an enigma, but the fact of the matter is — it's a part of you. And you have to embrace this before you can move forward into the future.
Haha, I was ready ages ago. *sigh* I've been here so many times before, it should've been just an ordinary trip for me.
But everything's not so ordinary anymore, is it?
Walking the same path over and over will never be the same, there will always be something new. That's the meaning of trailblazing.
Hm? Go ahead, speak your mind.
Stay? But Herta...
Is that so... Well, I respect your choice.
What do you think? Does the Astral Express look the same as you imagined?
Everyone on the Express is a passenger.
We're all heading towards an unknown destination, like we are traveling together.
Maybe that's why the Trailblaze chose such a look.
March said something like that at first, too.
Seems like you young people have similar tastes.
Oh right — March and Dan Heng should both be in their rooms right now.
You can go look for them. You youngsters should get along well.
Ah, you know, young people! Their rooms always reflect their personality.
You can go and... have a look around?
We usually meet up here, but our personal cabins are in the next carriage.
Also, don't mind Pom-Pom's antics. They're actually pretty interested in you. It's just that we haven't had new passengers on the Express for a long while.
I won't steal Pom-Pom's thunder. If you have any questions, just go ask our conductor.
What's wrong? You look like you were about to say something.
Oh, I think I know what you were going to ask. You've come to the right person.
Ohh, you want to know more about the Express? I'm glad. After all, it's an important companion of ours.
The Astral Express was a tool created by Akivili the Trailblaze, who used it to transport THEMSELF and the Nameless across the galaxy. It is rumored that there are other vehicles like it, but the Express has no such records.
When I found the Express, its memory had been severely damaged, with much of its valuable information lost. All I know is that the Express is an Aspect of Creation built by Akivili themself, and used to travel the cosmos.
As for how it was built and how it was damaged, I do not have an answer.
The Express is traveling on a route that the Trailblazer once embarked on. The names of some destinations have been lost, but the first and final stops were both at Pegana — Akivili's home world.
We speculate the Astral Express started its journey from Pegana, stopping at each destination along the way before returning there for its next journey. However, the appearance of the Stellarons has caused a delay at each stop.
There is a legend in the galaxy: the heart of Akivili themself lies in the core of the Astral Express, providing it with the power to travel between worlds. But I found no evidence of that aboard the Express.
Besides, the Express existed before the Trailblaze fell. There's no way they could have had two hearts, right? However, it is likely that the Express possesses some sort of mechanism to transfer power from the Trailblaze.
It wouldn't be possible with a normal Pathstrider.
The fallen Aeon, deceased Trailblaze — THEIR passing is still a mystery, but of all the known Aeons, Akivili was the closest to mankind.
In the databank aboard the Express, it is recorded that THEY walked among the mortals — adventuring, fighting, and celebrating with THEM. Although THEY were an Aeon restrained by the "Primum Mobile," Akivili enjoyed a freedom similar to us mortals.
THEY were different from most... But THEIR passing came so suddenly that it was thought THEY were killed by another Aeon. I don't believe that to be the case.
The galaxy is endlessly vast. I wouldn't know where to begin, especially if you ask me that so suddenly...
I've been to many different worlds, yet I still know very little about the galaxy, simply because it's too vast. As for its nature, there are a few theories that I can share with you.
The most popular is probably the Cosmos Tree theory, proposed by Zandar, Emanator of Erudition and the first member of the Genius Society. He compared the galaxy to an enormous imaginary tree, with its leaves being individual universes.
Therefore, only Aeons, who draw their energy from the imaginary, and Emanators, who are blessed by Aeons, can travel through the spaces filled with imaginary energy. That's why planets where civilizations exist are so similar.
However, the theory has its flaws. Elias Salas, the 56th member of the Genius Society, invented remote detection, disproving that the imaginary is unique. This shook the foundation of the "Cosmos Tree" theory.
There are other theories as well: the "Stretching" theory, the "Heat Torch" theory, and the "Parallel Imaging" theory... The Riddlers claim the galaxy is just a dream and IX's followers seem to like that claim.
Aeons are the most mysterious beings in the galaxy. All we know is that THEY ascended from the form of intelligent beings. As for the how and why, even the heavyweights over at the Genius Society haven't the slightest clue.
Upon ascending to Aeon-hood, that being gains power over the Paths, free to choose the allocation of imaginary energy however THEY wish, while suffering the restrictions of the "Primum Mobile."
The Aeon of Destruction seeks only to destroy the universe, while the Aeon of Erudition wants to find the answer for all that exists. Meanwhile, the Aeon of Preservation continues to forge walls, and the Aeon of Enigmata devotes themself to obscuring all that is known...
A cloud of mystery shrouds the Aeons. I heard Madam Herta recruited a team to try and solve the mysteries about THEM.
Compared to the Aeons, the factions are much easier to understand. Mortals with the same objective gather together to practice their understanding of Aeons and the Paths.
Many Aeons are unreachable, but the factions are close to us. After Akivili trailblazed across the galaxy, people became aware of the existence of other worlds. Gradually, more people started trying to use the power of the Aeons to travel between worlds.
The Interastral Peace Corporation is a good example: they worship Qlipoth, the Aeon of Preservation, but somehow became the largest economic entity in the galaxy;
Another example is the Genius Society: There is no shortage of eccentrics like Madam Herta who dedicate themselves to scientific research under the protection of the Erudition.
These factions possess the same power as us to voyage between worlds. It would be hard to travel through the galaxy without them.
The birth of an Aeon gives rise to a Path. The nature of the Paths remains a mystery, leaving us to draw an analogy in a way that mortals can understand: It's a philosophical concept of sorts.
A person is considered to be on a Path when their will overlaps with that Path. If the person has a strong enough will, they can draw power from that Path. Those who can do so are called Pathstriders.
Pathstriders possess extraordinary power, but are still insignificant compared to the Aeons, like a drop of water in a vast ocean. Sometimes, Aeons will bestow a mortal with their power, making them an "Emanator" of that Aeon.
I should mention that once a Path is open, it cannot be closed, even with the fall of its Aeon. That is how we are still able to travel across the stars, despite Akivili's passing.
"Trailblaze" is our mission and the source of strength that powers the Express to travel across the galaxy.
Explore the unknown world to continue our journey ahead.
Understand the local culture and immerse ourselves within it.
Establish a connection with the new world — rejoice with it and share in its fears.
Connect worlds together, carving an endless path.
There's a dreamlike quality to watching these starskiffs depart through the Jade Gate. How long will these ships sail, and which stars are they traveling to?
I pestered Dan Heng to tell me about his experiences, but alas, what could've been a magnificent saga was reduced to a few words and a grunt.
Next time, I think I should be the one trailblazing with you guys — Welt can stay on the Express.
Penacony. Do you remember? Before Kafka's proposal, that was our original destination.
The Express' records show that Penacony was a prison planet used by the IPC to exile criminals... At least, it was at the time of recording.
However, following a {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellaron{RUBY_E#} burst, the planet fell into the arms of {RUBY_B#the Harmony}Xipe{RUBY_E#}. They say it's been transformed into a prosperous and ethereal realm.
Yes. No more Stellaron Hunter interruptions — it's time to get our original plan back on track. Our next stop is Penacony, remember?
The Express' records show that Penacony was a prison planet used by the IPC to exile criminals... At least, it was at the time of recording.
However, following a {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellaron{RUBY_E#} burst, the planet fell into the arms of {RUBY_B#the Harmony}Xipe{RUBY_E#}. They say it's been transformed into a prosperous and ethereal realm.
The Family is throwing a banquet there, and they sent invitations out to the Express. I was curious about the state of the planet, so I accepted.
When the conductor is ready, we can set off for the next stop.
Penacony is throwing a banquet — I've received an invitation from The Family.
When the conductor is ready, we can set off for the next stop.
Pom-Pom knows how to keep people on the edge of their seats.
Allow me to explain.
Just like most of the worlds that the Express calls at, Penacony is one of the stops along the silver tracks. Several millennia ago, it was an IPC frontier prison, and it was the Trailblaze that connected it to thousands of stars.
During that time, the Astral Express once visited Penacony. As with all meetings, they inevitably lead to goodbyes. As the Express's logs indicate, it seems some passengers decided to call Penacony their permanent home.
Don't worry, just think of it as returning to your hometown. Following the Express's departure, the {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellarons{RUBY_E#} cut off contact to myriad worlds, and Penacony's ownership switched hands several times.
Why did these Nameless choose to stay here? How did the course of their subsequent lives unfold, and what legacies did they leave behind? Retracing our predecessors' footsteps, that is in itself an adventure, wouldn't you agree?
Even if they left the stars behind them, their Trailblaze would not be over. That's also what the conductor thinks, isn't it?
According to the passenger list, the three people who got off were Tiernan, Legwork, and Razalina — the Express's guard, mechanic, and surveyor, respectively. No supplementary details are available.
We'll just leave it to the stars of fate. Considering the Nameless' diversity... Perhaps we might even stumble upon their descendants, or, against the slimmest of chances, the very individuals themselves.
We'll conclude today's navigation meeting on this point. There's a bit of time left before we jump. In the meantime, might be a good idea to double-check your bags.
I trust Penacony won't let you all down.
A punchline with a straight face — I suppose that's your specialty.
But, regarding The Family's invitation, I do have some details that I wish to discuss with everyone... just not now. Let's enjoy our vacation for now.
Let's enjoy ourselves first. Of course, let's not forget Pom-Pom's request either.
...Leave it to me.
I've heard that the IPC has also received Penacony's invitation, so forgive me if I'm mistaken, but you must be the representative. The IPC's elite certainly does have an extraordinary air about them. I suppose such an exceptional figure such as yourself wouldn't mind paving a convenience for us?
It must be an inordinate number, which is why, now, Mr. Aventurine, I have an investment that you absolutely cannot miss out on.
As such, you won't just be sparing much of your invaluable time but also forging new friendships.
Now this is a topic very much worth getting into. Just as we are guests of the Watchmaker, why don't we make ourselves comfortable in Penacony before getting to know each other more elaborately?
...
I'm glad you've put it this way. So about the vouching...
We're finally here. Let's all head to our rooms first and put down our bags.
Welt, how about a drink first? Penacony's SoulGlad is very famous.
Do you remember the invite that the Express received?
You recall correctly, but there was more to this invite.
"...Witness the impossible in the realm of dreams, find the Legacy of the Watchmaker, Father of Penacony, and thus the answer to the question: Why does life slumber."
This is the part that intrigues me — the invite sent by The Family was nothing more than a music box that, when wound, would play an accompanying tune.
But the box that was sent to us was slightly unusual... The music it played had off-key notes in the background.
I recorded these dissonant notes, and they were a perfect match with the gravity wave frequency when the Express made its warp jump. Also, the Express engine's spatial curvature was its encryption key.
I can't be certain. It may be a Masked Fool's trap. From the execution itself, the Riddlers or Inquisition Spirits could have done this themselves.
When we were handling that Luofu Stellaron matter. I told Pom-Pom about it first thing.
Are you saying... you suspect that The Family did not send the invite, and... is hiding something from us?
We shouldn't interfere if this is just an internal affair of Penacony or The Family.
Well, I did, which is why...
...before we set off, I told March 7th and Dan Heng about this.
Who sent the invite, what is the purpose of gathering all the factions into Penacony, and why does The Family choose to remain silent about their knowledge of this... There are too many unanswered questions. We must use the utmost caution before we go deeper.
Right now, let's just focus on the conductor's request: We'll collect intel while enjoying this "wonderful vacation." Penacony is, after all, a famed resort of the cosmos. Not many get a chance to even visit in their lifetime.
But in the information I received from the Astral Express, it states that we already reserved rooms. Please check again for me.
You'll have to wait for us to finish checking in first.
There's also the saying: "From misfortune comes bliss."
I thought so too. It's most likely some rule of Penacony's, or The Family's.
Okay, there's no queue in the lobby now. Let's go find Miss Alley...
What's wrong? Not turning in? Can't find your room, or do you have something on your mind?
One can't discuss the Planet of Festivities without mentioning the Watchmaker — Penacony's household name and figure. Fortune, fame, status... He built everyone's futures with his bare hands, and became the symbol of dreams.
But the veracity of these stories... remains untraceable. Many have their own opinions on the Watchmaker's origin and past, and there are even some who suspect he is a conceptual construct of The Family.
For now, I do not think this invite is linked to the Watchmaker. His legacy... It sounds more like a marketing hook to drum up more traffic, if nothing else.
An IPC ambassador who knows more than he lets on, a silver-tongued businessman, a flamboyant and debonair aristocrat... He could be all of them. My instincts tell me he's much more than meets the eye.
Before the dust settles, we should maintain amicable relations with all camps, while keeping our guards up.
The dream Penacony is divided into twelve individual dreamscapes. I've heard that the destinations vary for different people when they first enter the dream.
As for me... I look forward to the Moment of Scorchsand — its wild winds, taverns, and {RUBY_B#SoulGlad™ Festivity Auditions • Scorchsand Venue}festive choices{RUBY_E#} have more of a Nameless Trailblaze vibe. The Moment of Morning Dew is also a decent choice — I can use that chance to visit The Family.
You must be exhausted from everything that's happened so far. Even if you're Trailblazing, you mustn't forget to relax. Goodnight, and sweet dreams.
Our rooms are down this way.
Head back to your rooms, get some rest, and prepare to enter the dreamscape.
...She's right. Everyone, do you all still remember your surroundings during your entry into the Dreamscape?
Have you noticed? These landscapes seem quite distinct from that of Penacony's in your dream, yet strikingly similar to the Dreamscape described by Miss Black Swan.
Also, after speaking to some of the frequenters, the first stop when you enter the dream is supposed to be the hotel in the dream, but due to certain incidents... the hotel is now under renovation.
Miss Black Swan, we fully understand our current predicament now. Going back to your original suggestion...
For what reason has the Garden of Recollection chosen to work with the Astral Express?
...I understand. But before replying, we must first discuss this among ourselves.
It's good to see you're unharmed. Allow me to introduce you to Miss Black Swan, Memokeeper of the Garden of Recollection.
It's best to be skeptical of her. There's a significant amount of intentional misdirection in her words.
But I worry about the worst outcome: If the Dreamscape's anomaly really exists, and it isn't a natural occurrence, but instigated by someone behind the scenes...
Which also means that, the one who sent out the encrypted Nameless message and the mastermind behind the anomaly are on the same side... Maybe even the same person.
March, calm down. It's just a possibility. But if this encrypted message isn't some harmless prank, but done so to invite the Trailblaze into the fray, we cannot remain uninvolved.
Then we are in agreement. Let's return and inform Miss Black Swan.
Miss Black Swan, the Express is willing to cooperate with you — we need a proper guide to navigate the Memory Zone.
We're counting on you, Welt. As for us... Let's get ready to see the Dreamscape's true visage.
I'm sorry... that I couldn't be with you then.
Looking back, he seemed a little evasive at the time. And he also failed to mention anything about the earlier murder, too.
It may also be that Miss Firefly's murder had so many witnesses that it couldn't be covered up, so they went with the flow and let more people on the scene to control the situation.
After all, the nature of the two murders is fundamentally different... The Family's first protective measures should be against malicious actors among the guests, such as that IPC envoy.
At this point, I'm afraid the only ones we can trust are ourselves.
As I see things, The Family harbors no ill-will towards the Astral Express — if they didn't trust the Crew, they wouldn't have casually commissioned outsiders to investigate a case that's in all likelihood "a scandal."
Plus, this is The Family's turf. Teaming up with them should make things easier for us in the future.
As for that Aventurine... Welt, I'd like to hear your thoughts.
So you suggest accepting Aventurine's proposal to team up?
Aventurine's goal is to try and recapture Penacony for IPC. To do this, he'll have to bring down The Family in its entirety to create a big enough chance.
The existence of "Death" will be covered up by The Family, so how does he plan on taking them down? It's got to be something important enough that everyone will notice, but it also can't be anything too out-in-the-open...
An attack on the hotel guests? Unlikely. Penacony's guests include quite a few big wigs known throughout the whole cosmos, people who not even the IPC would dare take lightly. Aventurine is a shrewd merchant, and there's no way he doesn't know that.
He's definitely going for The Family, and it's just a matter of how. The Harmony is strong in Penacony and almost impossible to take on head-to-head. The fact that the IPC dispatched Aventurine shows that they do not intend to simply play by the book here.
Aventurine has devoted considerable attention to her. But this Galaxy Ranger... we know hardly anything about her and can't rush to any conclusions.
...I was also considering this possibility, especially... because he respects you so much, and has sought you out before a few times. Perhaps he's also unsure of your intentions, and is probing you.
...I'm just speculating. In any case, we have to be careful when handling Aventurine. He's skilled at reading people and discerning the right moment to strike. Also...
He's clearly a born gambler if he's willing to go all in to win.
If Aventurine wants to bring down The Family, he'll have to create a big enough chance. After everything he's done so far — what is his goal...?
One thing I'm curious about is, if a person dies in a dream, what happens to them in real life? Seeing as we're at The Family's behest, why not pop back out to reality and verify Miss Firefly's situation back at the hotel... Perhaps we could also make a few inquiries about Miss Robin while we're out there.
Worth focusing on? ...Oh, no problem. I'll leave it to you then.
...Just as I thought. I'd like to ask, what kind of traces do people leave when they enter a dream?
At least we know who to look for next. We can ask the Bloodhound Family for information.
Thank you for your assistance, Miss Alley. By the way... is Miss Robin doing fine? We are looking forward to her performance.
Mm, I'm sure.
Sure enough, no one knows about Miss Robin. I'm not surprised.
But that Miss Firefly is truly mysterious. There's no information on her in the hotel system. Even if she's a stowaway... she should have a disguised identity after entering the planet.
She's also in the running for the Legacy... How is she going to sneak into the Dreamscape unnoticed?
The Memokeepers have abilities that are difficult for normal people to comprehend. In the Memory Zone of Penacony, they thrive effortlessly, a fact proven to us by Black Swan.
No wonder Aventurine's scrambling to partner up with someone — the IPC can't back him up in the Dreamscape.
Thank you, Miss Topaz. We're on our way to the Hounds to verify some intel. Perhaps you've had dealings with them?
Looks like they're not going to cooperate. But, they did at least tell us that the Captain is at Dream's Edge...
...
Hold on, Sir... We have documents authorized by The Family that would aid your investigation. If it wouldn't trouble you, could we see this Mr. Gallagher?
...
...At least he won't be getting in our way again. Let's go find that Gallagher and ask him the intricacies of the case.
Sorry, but human lives and The Family's reputation are at stake. It is imperative we know everything about the case.
Hello, Mr. Gallagher, sir. Judging from your tone, it sounds like you were expecting us.
...Mr. Gallagher, you even know my name?
This is also the reason why we've come to visit you, Mr. Gallagher. The Express can't just overlook the death of that child, so we've decided to help The Family get to the bottom of it, in the hopes of getting justice for her.
Mr. Gallagher seems to be getting at something.
It's all about the bartender's pride. It wouldn't make sense for customers to come here and order drinks they can find anywhere else. That's the mindset I use when I brew my coffee.
Time is running out. We need to hurry.
Mikhail...?
The richness and layers of these flavors are a masterpiece, especially with the adjuncts. I can taste the spicy and sour notes with a hint of sweetness...
I'm not entirely sure what it all means. Maybe Mr. Gallagher can shed some light on it?
Does this "true taste" have anything to do with that Mikhail?
"Dealt with before"? So... "Death" does happen in Penacony, if I understand correctly?
I guess it's time to tell the story of that "Mikhail."
There's a message. "...Witness the impossible in the realm of dreams, find the Legacy of the Watchmaker, Father of Penacony, and thus the answer to the question: Why does life slumber?"
That's just our speculation. Actually, it's hard to believe that the {RUBY_B#The Watchmaker}Father of Penacony{RUBY_E#} and its {RUBY_B#The Family}actual managers{RUBY_E#} are at odds.
So, you want to seize this opportunity to expose the Watchmaker?
If all the characters in the animation are based on characters in reality, then Clockie's counterpart is definitely the Watchmaker.
In the animation, he's Hanu's partner and one of the founders of Dreamville. Does that mean the Watchmaker was personally involved in that war and sided with Asdana?
Thus he became known as the Father of Penacony.
...What did you do?
We're truly sorry for what happened... but this is not the end of the story, right?
While Firefly's whereabouts remain a mystery, his stories shed light on our suspicions about the true identity of the Watchmaker, his connection to The Family, and the power struggles hidden behind sweet dreams and death.
Exactly. Gallagher suggests that the real traitor is someone else... probably within the Oak Family.
That lines up with what we've gathered so far. Firefly got involved in this mess because of the Legacy... And now we're sure that Aventurine's accusations against Acheron are baseless.
Is this Miss Acheron? Hello, I'm Himeko, the Astral Express' navigator.
Since Welt has decided to travel with you, it means that he trusts you, and we trust his judgment.
You want to... create a situation where all three parties are present?
To solve the mystery of the Watchmaker, it is crucial to get the IPC's intel. The path ahead is fraught with danger... but what's Trailblazing without a little danger?
No need to rush. If he truly has laid a trap... he will definitely use every means to lure us in.
...Look.
Should both the performers and spectators fail to arrive, won't all of Aventurine's plans be for nothing?
Not a soul in sight? The Hounds drove out the visitors, and now their whereabouts are unknown too...
Everyone, pay attention. The other party has obviously come prepared.
We've kept your appointment, Mr. Aventurine. It is customary to show yourself as well.
Three homicides?
So that's how it is... I never imagined we'd gather the remaining details here.
Perfect timing. Now that everyone's here, I'd like to introduce everyone to Micah, who's partly in charge of the land of the exiles. Micah, these are my companions.
...
It's a relief to see you safe and sound, Miss Robin.
Since you're here... can we assume that you're fully aware of the situation in Penacony?
Hearing you speak, it sounds as if your voice has made somewhat of a recovery.
According to Micah, they died long ago.
True to the title of Trailblazer, they spent their lives venturing into the unknown. But... what about this tablet? There are no names carved on it.
I double-checked with Micah, and everything he said about The Family, the Watchmaker, and Mikhail is true.
And I suppose The Family happened to possess the knowledge to seal the Stellaron?
So, this is the true meaning of "the impossible". You sent out invitations in the Watchmaker's name to find forces capable of resolving the Stellaron disaster and draw them in to Penacony to uncover the truth?
If that's the case, where is the Stellaron now?
What do you mean by that?
We have always been following in the footsteps of our Nameless predecessors, and there's no reason to stop now.
He's the leader of the Families of Penacony, and he has the entire power of the Harmony behind him... not to mention the Stellaron in his possession. We must proceed with great caution.
...Good luck to you, Welt.
Don't you have something else to tell us, Gallagher?
Before we departed, the conductor asked us to inquire about the three Nameless in Penacony. We've already collect intel about Razalina and Tiernan, so the only one left is Legwork.
If I'm not mistaken... we've already met him somewhere, haven't we?
Yes.
Well, let's have a look.
...
...
Don't think that's the case, Gallagher. I'm sure Mikhail has left us the most precious thing of all.
Just as Mikhail believes in the Nameless of the future, we unconditionally believe in the Nameless of the past. How could they leave with regrets for the future when they were ready to dedicate their lives to the land they loved?
There must be something contained in this dream bubble. It's just we haven't figured it out yet. You also have faith in the Watchmaker, don't you, Gallagher?
Can I borrow your {RUBY_B#"Dormancy"}pet{RUBY_E#}? I need to make a trip back to Golden Hour and check something at the Dreamscape Sales Store...
It's for Mikhail, and for the future of Penacony.
Mm, hello everybody, I'm Himeko, a Nameless from the Astral Express, and these are my companions.
Safety first, everyone.
Everyone, as the Charmony Festival is drawing closer, we must reach the end as quickly as possible... Factoring in efficiency and safety, splitting up into two groups is the best choice.
We'll split into the assigned groups then. Let's not waste time.
Yes... And now, it's up to us to forge ahead.
As I see it, relying on Welt's negotiations alone is far from enough. Regardless of whether the other party will be compliant, negotiating simply allows us to meet them as equals, it won't grant us an upper hand.
Penacony is our rival's home turf, and we already have very few chips left to play with. Rather than idly sit around while The Family's got us blocked off, an offensive approach might be a wiser course of action.
We're more familiar with the Stellaron's properties than most, and since it's the key to stabilizing the sweet dream, it's vital to The Family's interests. By attacking their core interests, they're bound to retaliate hastily... and as the saying goes: haste makes waste.
...
We'll follow March's plan. Mr. Gallagher, will you be joining us?
Should we ever cross paths again, I'd love for you to visit the Express.
And Miss Firefly, we thank you for all your support. We're faced with a formidable enemy. As long as the Astral Express and Stellaron Hunters' objectives are aligned, we're willing to cooperate with you.
This is also the spirit of the Trailblaze. Now, everyone, let's prepare to move out.
This place is buzzing...
Mr. Sunday, even if the members of the Oak Family can't fully agree on what to do about the Stellaron, now's not exactly the time to be holding an extensive discourse about Penacony's past and future, is it?
The Stellaron issue concerns the life and death of everyone on Penacony. If anyone has a better suggestion, the Crew is more than willing to listen. Also, it'd be best to tell us the ins and outs of that meeting—
...This way, we'll at least know what Welt and Miss Robin are dealing with, and the reason why they failed to make our appointment.
Unbelievable, to think that there would be... remnants of the Order on Penacony.
You should know that these actions make you an enemy of the Astral Express.
If it is the Order that drove you to imprison Welt and Robin, and you're using them to coerce our compliance, then there'll be no point in entertaining any type of discussion.
So you've decided to resurrect a dead Aeon? No one's ever done such a thing.
Did you do the same to Welt?
It looks like he really has no intention of imprisoning us. If it's just a quiz, I suppose it's fine to humor him.
Back to the question: I would personally choose to build the little Charmony Dove a cage.
No special reason. I do think that a fledgling should have the right to fly in the sky... But if it can't even live to that point, then there's nothing to talk about to begin with.
A Dreamchaser story... If I acted out of kindness, I would probably ask the Bloodhounds to stop their pursuit and lend him a hand.
But, what cruel repercussion would this choice result in? I think, Sunday must have been deeply impressed by the limitations of "the strong defending the weak" through this incident.
I often feel like I've dreamt of similar scenes on certain nights. In the dream, I see blurry faces. I don't know who they are, but I sympathize with all of them, fighting for survival against some unfathomable force...
Their confusion and fear are lucid to me... But I also remember they chose never to give up — just like Miss Robin.
With each Trailblaze, dangers and tribulations will surely follow, but would you ever back away? Would you stop March and Dan Heng from reaching their next destination? I believe you have an answer of your own in your heart.
...
Since Miss Firefly has said her piece, the Astral Express will also naturally give you our answer.
Does this place ring any bells, Misha?
It's the realm within a dream bubble. This was left to the Astral Express by a Nameless, but weirdly when we entered it, it was completely empty.
Dr. Edward from the Dreamscape Sales Store told me that dreams are formed from memories, and a dream bubble can't take shape if its core is empty.
So I thought you might be able to help us in unraveling this mystery, Misha? As a hotel {RUBY_B#bellboy}doorman{RUBY_E#}, you know Penacony best among us.
I'm counting on you then.
I wasn't sure. It was just a hunch, but since Misha feels familiar with this place... my hunch might be correct.
Exactly, this is where you and Firefly encountered "Death", which we now know as "Dormancy". Considering its connection to Dreamflux Reef, it's not surprising it appeared here.
The question now is — Who brought you here? Based on the clues we have so far, it's unlikely to be that Masked Fool, so identifying them is crucial to us.
We're drawing closer to the truth once more. Let's give Misha some time, as I believe he'll unveil the secret of this dream bubble.
This could be a case of amnesia. But don't worry, Misha, it's common for everyone to forget certain aspects of the past. Those memories haven't vanished. They're just lying in the depths of your mind. We can surely get them back.
Since this place seems familiar to you, why don't we explore a few more rooms and see if you can recall anything more?
Could you tell us more about the "Compass," Misha?
That's a great story, but in the Penacony cartoon, Clockie and his partners have always lived in Dreamville and never ventured out, right?
Perhaps Clockie has a hidden past.
Anything special about that name?
But we haven't heard anything about the Watchmaker having descendants, and the name "Mikhail" is not rare. Perhaps it's merely a coincidence.
Could you tell us more about your grandpa Mikhail?
Have you recalled anything, Misha?
Perhaps every adventurer far from home carries a fountain within their soul. Even though the other side of the sea remains shrouded in the unknown, the fountain in front of his house serves as a compass, leading him back to his cherished ones.
Yeah, based on Misha's recollections, the scenes in the dream bubble appear to be his childhood memories.
So, this building in the dream bubble is your childhood "home."
Looks like you've remembered everything now.
And when we were in Dreamflux Reef, you may have noticed that for some reason, nobody outside of the Crew... had ever talked with Clockie.
A memetic life that can only be seen by a select few... It's just like a hidden message... left by someone for the Nameless.
That's the key to the mystery, March. Now, take a moment to recall...
Have you ever seen anyone outside of the Crew interact with Misha?
That's one way to see it, but I believe there is a longer story behind all this. It's best for Misha himself to explain all the details...
How about we start with your name? Now, should we call you Misha? Or...
All right, everyone. Let's make a decision.
Although I don't think anyone will have any objections.
In that case, it's unanimous.
In that case, it's unanimous.
In that case, the vote stands at two to one.
Then let's proceed together to the end of this dream... and tell Mikhail our decision.
Looks like we're just one step from revealing the truth. Let's get to the other side and investigate.
Because he was born with a desire to "trailblaze," wasn't he?
Well, there might be another possibility. Perhaps THEY want to witness, on behalf of the {RUBY_B#Akivili and Ena}fallen Aeons{RUBY_E#}, who will hold the future of Penacony.
Well, in my opinion, Sunday is deeply committed to his own philosophy and genuinely wants to prove that the Order is right.
I sensed a strong conviction and a desire for dominance in him. Maybe he won't accept the outcome unless he wins fair and square.
That's why he'll give it his all in the upcoming battle.
Anyway, we can't leave the Stellaron unchecked. This is about trailblazing a bright future for Penacony and fulfilling Mikhail's and his predecessors' long-cherished wishes.
Now that we've taken up the mantle, we can't afford to fail them.
I believe Firefly is trying to say that she's heading off to another battle.
Are those books on the bookshelf logbooks left behind by that seafarer?
The true "death"... where everyone in Penacony loses themselves completely in the eternal sweet dream of the Order.
Have you... made up your mind, Firefly?
Thank you again for your assistance for the Astral Express. May we meet again in reality.
This is the interior of the Penacony Grand Theater.
And not only that, the entire theater is eerily quiet. No audience, no staff, no one around...
Even if we're late, a grand theater like this shouldn't be completely empty.
Let's explore around. Be careful, everyone.
Are these puppets part of the stage setup? Even so, it's so eerie that the entire front hall is empty.
There's no other Grand Theater in the Dreamscape.
The atmosphere here... looks similar to Sunday's inner world. Perhaps this so-called "stage play" is created with his abilities.
This act is named Ode to Prisoner. Given the atmosphere here... I believe it's about Penacony's past.
This must be how Penacony was constructed. With the aid of outsiders, the prisoners were finally liberated and established the Land of the Exiles.
However, it appears that Sunday aims to convey the spiritual plight of the prisoners more than the physical aspects of imprisonment.
Ode to Fool... This must be the second act.
This is the second act. Looks like it's about Penacony's journey to becoming the Land of the Dreams, during which The Family plays a crucial role.
Perhaps this is the truth Sunday is trying to express, if you read between lines. The Harmony changed Penacony just as the guards once did.
Guess we won't be able to leave until this act is complete.
Get ready. Looks like another fight is about to begin...
This is how Penacony fell under The Family's control. Since the arrival of the Harmony, the land of the exiles has undergone dramatic changes, not all of which have proven... beneficial.
And the atmosphere here... is completely different from the previous two scenes.
Perhaps we'll need to "complete" the story ourselves just like we did before.
Prepare for battle. Looks like we'll have to fight again.
This is the final scene — it's much more straightforward... He wants to expel the Harmony and establish an empire based on the Order.
Let's go. Once this stage play concludes... it'll be time for the main event — the Charmony Festival.
Everyone, get ready. This could be a tough battle.
Allow me to point out that falling into a permanent slumber is not happiness, especially when those people are driven by someone else's will in their sleep.
No matter how perfect your vision of paradise may be, a cage remains a cage.
That's not the case. If people are to live with dignity, there must be nothing and no one above them.
In your so-called paradise, you would be the one reigning supreme.
The embodiment of the Harmony? So, the true purpose of the Charmony Festival... is to usurp it?
It's the power of tuning... Don't let the song distract you!
The general possesses a deep understanding of the greater good. With the Xianzhou Alliance mediating, peace for Penacony is within reach.
I can confidently say now, he was truly after a fair fight with us. Had he wanted, he could have easily taken us down... without so much as lifting a finger.
Given the general's invitation and the matter's significance to the universe, the Crew will naturally accept. However, if the IPC has any reservations...
Well then, we shall oblige.
Uh...
Allow me to explain: Mr. Boothill and Miss Black Swan submitted a request to temporarily travel with the Express for their own personal reasons...
As you all may also know, the Astral Express never declines any passenger whose heart yearns for the distant stars. Therefore, they will be traveling with us for a while, until they reach their destinations.
Don't worry. We'll have plenty of time to spend together on the Express, so there'll definitely be more chances for adventures like this.
It's alright! I understand your concern, but it's okay. I'm also a capable Nameless, just like yourself.
Turn in early today. You've really been pushing yourself hard recently. If you don't take this chance to recharge, it could lead to long-term problems... It seems fine when you're young, but it's a different story as you age.
Peace is our greatest wish — beyond that, we desire nothing else.
If that's the case, it appears that we have nothing else to worry about on Penacony... Looks like it's time for us to embark on a new voyage.
You two head back to the Express first. I'll pick up March and deal with the check-out procedure. Oh also, Miss Black Swan, you have a matter to discuss with me, yes?
Next up, everyone will select the destination that they wish to visit. And then, we'll put it to a vote.
Little Misha and Old Mikhail's homeland... Having been through so much in Penacony, as an aspiring Nameless, I believe a visit to his home world is a must.
Mm... that makes sense. If that's the case, I vote for the Agate World too.
If that's the general sentiment, then we should indeed investigate. I vote for Edo Star too.
Black Swan has arranged to meet a Mourning Actor there. I've heard they're preparing a special performance... I wouldn't mind going to enjoy the show.
If that's the general sentiment, then we should indeed investigate. I vote for Edo Star too.
Mr. Aventurine and Miss Topaz are here too... And, who is that over there?
Witness... the will of the weak!
It must be difficult for Asta. Being the lead researcher isn't easy.
As soon as the Legion exits stage right, in comes the gossip... How does that saying go again? "Greet enemies outside with a smile, greet enemies inside with a sword..."
Such is the Herta company culture...
What do you mean? This is such an inter— Uh... inconvenient situation.
Haha, Herta doesn't really have anything to do with it. I'm afraid wherever you find people, you find gossip of some variety.
Well, while these rumors have nothing to do with us, they do concern the reputation of young Asta. And turning a blind eye is not the way of the Nameless.
Solving a matter like this won't be difficult. Predictably, the crowd cares more about the drama than the facts. Stopping the rumors from brewing is more important right now than laying out the truth... and it's better to unearth the source of the rumors directly than to painstakingly try to refute them one by one.
No, no... that's not what I meant...
I have a friend — they say there isn't a single piece of station gossip she doesn't know about.
First of all, it's not me. Secondly, I don't make friends JUST for the sake of gossip.
It's just that my friend is pretty amazing, and I think you might be able to extract some information from her. Let's see... Right now she's probably slacking off somewhere outside the department.
I don't know her real name, but she calls herself Gossipmonger....
Did you find Gossipmonger? What did she say?
Ha, I knew she was weird...
*sigh* There are many types of friend... She's the type you can only stay friends with if you never meet her.
I didn't expect to see you here. Didn't you say you were really busy?
Oh, an active Stellaron is rarely a cause for celebration... What did Herta say about the Fragmentum's appearance?
Anytime.
Is it possible that the jolt just now damaged the Express? ...Did something manage to sneak in?
March, March... can you hear me?
I know. March, get out of there right now.
March... March? Please reply. Have you left the room?
They're embryos for now, but their transformation into larvae could be imminent... and their growth may exceed our initial estimates.
The Knights of Beauty are made up of individuals who are used to traveling through the cosmos alone... they are difficult to understand, and the starry sky is their home. Perhaps this firework show is a symbol of his honor.
He has his own goals... and struggles. After all, the Aeon of Beauty has likely already fallen.
The fact that Idrila has fallen is tacitly acknowledged by some Knights of Beauty. Naturally, there are others who don't want to believe it... like the one you met. He probably thinks that Idrila is simply missing — hiding somewhere beyond the reach of mortals.
...In your opinion, what is beauty?
They must be beautiful eyes.
Sounds like a wonderful life — I'm sure many have dreams of that.
Haha, you have a wild imagination.
Oh? That's a good answer.
Beauty takes many forms, and different people have different answers... I wonder what exactly it is that the Knights of Beauty are pursuing through the cosmos.
Let's assume that Argenti finds the "missing" Idrila. Will he be able to recognize THEM with his human eyes? Or, obsessed with his version of "THEM", will he turn a blind eye and not even see THEM for who THEY are?
What happened?
The outer wall of the Express is probably melting in gastric acid. I can't even imagine what it must look like.
The Express has faced all kinds of obstacles on its journey — today is just another one. It's no reason to stop trailblazing.
Such is the very essence of trailblazing. It is through these trials that we find wisdom and maturity.
The exterior of the Express might be melting in gastric acid... I can't even imagine what it must look like.
Oh? It's been a while. Did Pom-Pom call you back?
Hey, March. That's a big smile on your face — what's the good news?
Ahh, so that explains the grin — you're excited about the celebration.
Thanks for the invite, but I'm afraid my hands are full right now. Please send my regards to the Supreme Guardian.
Make the most of the festivities — you've earned it! You two and Dan Heng did help save Jarilo-VI, after all. I'll be sure to join you guys next time.
I've got a lot going on right now, but I'll try to make it next time.
I'm sure you'll have a great time. Don't forget to send my regards to the Supreme Guardian while you're there.
Haha, it's the real me, March — real as they come.
I understand, Miss Bronya — no need to explain. Your city is facing immense difficulties — my intention is simply to ensure that you have all the relevant intel.
I hesitate to call it a solution, but I might have some information that might help.
It is my hope that with this information, you will be better equipped as the supreme guardian to make a wise and informed decision.
There is some important information that I must pass on to you, Supreme Guardian. It is my hope that it will better equip you to make a wise and informed decision.
I happen to have a friend with knowledge of Topaz. What Topaz said about her homeworld is indeed true... which is why she believes that the IPC's takeover of Belobog is the only way of ensuring the city's survival...
...but there is one thing she intentionally left out: Not all worlds that have accepted the IPC's terms have been saved.
Performing "ecological reconstruction" on a planet carries inevitable risks.
According to the intel provided by my friend, the success rate for the ecological reconstruction of worlds using the IPC's technology is 63%.
This is the overall average across all IPC projects. The success rate of projects personally handled by Topaz is above 80%. She's undoubtedly one of the most capable people in her field.
I wanted to bring these numbers, these "probabilities" to light. I think it's only fair that you know all the facts before making a decision.
Ultimately, it's up to you, Supreme Guardian, to make the final call.
Now that you've decided, I don't have to pretend to be impartial anymore. I think you're making the right choice, Bronya.
Pleasure to meet you, Miss Topaz. I'm Himeko, the Astral Express' navigator.
I'm pleased to see how well everyone's been getting along. Topaz, based on your greeting I presume you have a good grasp of the current situation?
Please don't misunderstand us, Miss Topaz. We have no intention of opposing the IPC or its board of directors... but we have very dear friends on Jarilo-VI.
Standing idly by and watching them sign an unfair contract... goes against everything the Nameless are about.
We needn't waste our time, March. She made her decision ten minutes ago.
Don't worry, Miss Topaz. Myself and all of the Nameless aboard the Astral Express are willing to vouch for this world.
Don't worry, March. The Express never pursues conflict as a first means... but if it comes down to it, we won't back down either. That's how it's always been.
We should also be glad that Miss Topaz is the one in charge of the Jarilo-VI project. If it were someone else from the Strategic Investment Department, things might have gotten... complicated.
The Strategic Investment Department comprises the IPC's most elite employees, many of whom can be very... forceful.
Let's talk about this later when you're back on the Express. You and March must be tired after such an incredible journey — it's time you got some well-deserved rest.
...And then began again.
Well, you know, keeping an eye on the crew is just another part of a navigator's job.
The IPC soldiers are well-equipped — it wouldn't be wise to fight them head-on. Captain, what do you have in mind?
I've seen standard-issue robots like these before. It's an IPC field Team Leader.
Let's find her and tell her about Bronya's decision.
It's possible. Many mysteries lurk beneath the surface of this world.
Hello? Can you hear me? This signal is terrible...
What are you talking about — Welt and I have been up on the star rail missing you this whole time! You've got quite the Trailblazing expedition on your hands.
So how does this big guy work...? Or more importantly — how do you stop him from working? Over to you guys, I guess!
Really? So she's still on the Xianzhou.
Me? I'd suggest you go yourself. Even if you don't want any more dealings with her, it's best to say that to her in person... Reading this message, it seems like she may really need your help.
If it were me seeking help from someone in a time of crisis, I'd sure hope they showed up in person...
Be careful not to harm her...
It seemed like that kid was trapped in ice, but the substance doesn't share the same physical properties... How bizarre.
The crystals show at least six structures under differing conditions... "Six-Phased Ice." The galaxy really is an enigma.
Nope, but there must be something on the Express if Pom-Pom is getting so worked up.
Don't worry, I have another way to deal with this if no one can find anything... It's just a little wasteful to use it on something like this. But we can't let it continue to stress the conductor either.
Yep, Pom-Pom has a deep connection with the Astral Express. Anything that could harm the Express always stresses out the conductor.
So... help me educate March about not messing with the equipment on the Express.
Check the coach and see if there is anything out of the ordinary.
What are you talking about? What mirror?
I don't see a mirror...
There's nothing there.
Someone from the Garden of Recollection is here? On the Express...?
We'll come up with something. Don't worry, conductor.
An Inquisition Spirit...? On the Express?
Indeed. Welt, do you know what to do?
That duel just now was pretty intense. When you dealt the winning blow, not even Mr. Yang could control his excitement. You should've seen him leap out of his chair.
I'm always wary of the IPC's products, but there's no denying they know how to put on a show. The atmosphere here is magical, I have to remind myself it's just a game.
Opportunities like this don't come around every day, so I hope you enjoy it. After all, trailblazing isn't just about the challenges — relishing the fun of the journey is just as important.
Your humble servant "Aventurine," at your disposal. Just a cog in the machine known as the IPC's Strategic Investment Department. Nevertheless, I can also play the role of "friend" — if needed.
How about a game? Nothing fancy, just a game of heads or tails to gauge today's luck.
Satisfied with our transaction, I trust? Cast your eyes to the future, and you'll realize we both stand to gain from a little mutual understanding.
How to win a whole planet with just one chip? Strategizing, scheming, calculating... but ultimately, it hinges on luck. Good luck makes one powerful, but destiny? Inherently unjust.
I prefer the beggar over the rich man. The rich have no idea what they're after in life, but the beggar? Those folks — they know exactly what they want.
"Fortune" forms the foundation of our world. The flourishing of the cosmos relies on exchange and commerce — the IPC facilitates such connections between planets, weaving everything and everyone together. Wealth begets Erudition, produces Elation, averts Destruction, and builds Harmony.
Go ahead, use me as you wish, even stab me in the back if you see fit. Exploitation and treachery are simply tools of the trade. But remember, I don't make deals that don't pay off... So, I hope you don't disappoint me.
There's no denying it, my fascination is with the game of chance... be it the exhilarating rush of triumph or the extensive emptiness that follows, both are worth savoring, time and time again.
Life would be quite dull if it were just an unending series of wins, wouldn't it?
The heart of the IPC revolves around earnings and expansion. It can weather a loss here and there, but stagnation is impermissible. A daring gamble is better than being overly cautious — just like the wager Diamond made on me... We both deserve congratulations for that one.
The Watchmaker of Penacony doesn't primarily make their living from watchmaking, yet the place is a magnet for talented horologists. Look at this piece, for example. Its hands and face are imbued with memoria, artfully altering its appearance to reflect the wearer's emotions... As for me, I'd probably just prefer swapping out watches.
She's always searching for the optimal solution in maintaining equilibrium between the corporation and its customers. Not an easy feat if you ask me, but she's climbed the corporate ladder incredibly fast, so she must be doing something right.
The erudite folks of the Intelligentsia Guild are often eager to distance themselves from the IPC... and I suspect Ratio doesn't care for me much either. Unfortunately for him, I make for a more competent conversationalist than the other dimwits around here.
Nothing remains hidden from a Memokeeper. If she's set her sights on you, it's clear she's after something. Consider how you might turn that to your advantage.
A chip of unknown value, a card of unknown suit, yet... it is she who will shape the entire course of the game.
Taking a shortcut or two isn't a big deal, but blatantly dipping your hands into someone else's pockets — that lacks finesse.
The Fools never play to win — they're more like crazed thrill seekers.
Give me a single die, and watch me turn the tables.
That's all? It's settled then — I'm going all-in.
See? I knew I'd picked the right side.
The game's not over yet. Let's raise the stakes, shall we?
 Ah, Stellaron. Time for us to reveal our true value to one another.
 Ah, Stellaron. Time for us to reveal our true value to one another.
Same project again? With you here, I've got nothing to worry about.
Well, look who it is. How about you give me a hand this time, Ratio?
Lay out your plans, Memokeeper. I will find my place in the web of your schemes.
Teetering on the precipice of danger is quite enchanting, wouldn't you agree?
Any justification here for you to unsheathe your blade... Emanator?
Looks like I've got a winning hand.
High stakes, high rewards.
Better hedge your bets.
Opportunity doesn't knock on its own, you know.
Can't lose this one.
Going all in. Tab's on me.
No dirty tricks, alright?
Trying to pull a fast one?
The dice have been cast.
Bust? Or maybe I'll take it all!
Watch your head!
Lost it all...
Back in the game!
Trust me, this is a guaranteed win.
Feeling lucky?
As if victory were ever in doubt.
Heh, this is hardly enough for a seat at the table.
Fortune follows luck, just like it always does.
An unsurprising win.
The bigger the risk, the better the reward...
All this free time, why not make the most of it with a game?
Alright, I'll call your bet~
Don't ask. Just spend.
All in!
A reward with no risk? I'll take it.
A ten-to-one payout? Music to my ears.
Your humble servant "Aventurine," at your disposal. Just a cog in the machine known as the IPC's Strategic Investment Department. Nevertheless, I can also play the role of "friend" — if needed.
How about a game? Nothing fancy, just a game of heads or tails to gauge today's luck.
Satisfied with our transaction, I trust? Cast your eyes to the future, and you'll realize we both stand to gain from a little mutual understanding.
How to win a whole planet with just one chip? Strategizing, scheming, calculating... but ultimately, it hinges on luck. Good luck makes one powerful, but destiny? Inherently unjust.
I prefer the beggar over the rich man. The rich have no idea what they're after in life, but the beggar? Those folks — they know exactly what they want.
"Fortune" forms the foundation of our world. The flourishing of the cosmos relies on exchange and commerce — the IPC facilitates such connections between planets, weaving everything and everyone together. Wealth begets Erudition, produces Elation, averts Destruction, and builds Harmony.
Go ahead, use me as you wish, even stab me in the back if you see fit. Exploitation and treachery are simply tools of the trade. But remember, I don't make deals that don't pay off... So, I hope you don't disappoint me.
There's no denying it, my fascination is with the game of chance... be it the exhilarating rush of triumph or the extensive emptiness that follows, both are worth savoring, time and time again.
Life would be quite dull if it were just an unending series of wins, wouldn't it?
The heart of the IPC revolves around earnings and expansion. It can weather a loss here and there, but stagnation is impermissible. A daring gamble is better than being overly cautious — just like the wager Diamond made on me... We both deserve congratulations for that one.
The Watchmaker of Penacony doesn't primarily make their living from watchmaking, yet the place is a magnet for talented horologists. Look at this piece, for example. Its hands and face are imbued with memoria, artfully altering its appearance to reflect the wearer's emotions... As for me, I'd probably just prefer swapping out watches.
She's always searching for the optimal solution in maintaining equilibrium between the corporation and its customers. Not an easy feat if you ask me, but she's climbed the corporate ladder incredibly fast, so she must be doing something right.
The erudite folks of the Intelligentsia Guild are often eager to distance themselves from the IPC... and I suspect Ratio doesn't care for me much either. Unfortunately for him, I make for a more competent conversationalist than the other dimwits around here.
Nothing remains hidden from a Memokeeper. If she's set her sights on you, it's clear she's after something. Consider how you might turn that to your advantage.
A chip of unknown value, a card of unknown suit, yet... it is she who will shape the entire course of the game.
Taking a shortcut or two isn't a big deal, but blatantly dipping your hands into someone else's pockets — that lacks finesse.
The Fools never play to win — they're more like crazed thrill seekers.
I am the humble Aventurine of the IPC's Strategic Investment Department, a Non-Performing Asset Liquidation Specialist and subordinate to supervisor Diamond. I was cordially invited by the Watchmaker...
I also happen to be a traveler that's had to stand behind you for quite a while.
I must be hearing things: Paving a convenience? Shouldn't I be saying this to you instead?
I've been waiting here for more than ten minutes. Do you know how many credits ten minutes is worth to me?
Well, this is interesting. And how will my new friends benefit me?
Sounds good. But Ms. Navigator, I must point out that—
If I do something about it now, the time saved is from my own effort, not a favor from you all.
...But what you said in the second half, I loved it! Friends, yes — nothing is more precious than friends, especially a righteous Trailblazer like a Nameless.
Going forward on this Penacony trip, I'll be counting on all my "Trailblazer" friends here. Looking forward to a delightful time with you all.
I have an appointment with The Family's Mr. Sunday. I will ask him to handle this matter later. Don't worry, I won't cause you any trouble.
Speak of the devil, look who's here! It's Sunday, the most handsome man in Penacony! Along with the singer renowned across the universe: Robin!
How fortuitous, we meet again.
That's right, pal!
Calm down, I'm just here to soak in the festive vibe. This may be your room now, but half a system hour ago, it was still mine.
A lucky block number, a lucky floor, a lucky room number. You have no idea how much I went through to book this precious space... And now I've given it to you. Treasure it well, friend.
Of course. What, you thought The Family acted simply out of their own good will?
No no, I only let you have my room.
I'm not sure I like that tone...
Penacony's a true-blue land of dreams. How many across the stars would spend half their lives, just to acquire an admission ticket into The Reverie?
Think about the type of people who can even afford to stay here. If it wasn't for my brilliant plan, you think The Family would offend those bigwigs, just to sate the paltry whims of an unsought guest such as yourself?
So sit down, and let's have a chat. With everything said and done, I think I deserve at least this much, right?
Cutting to the chase, I like that.
Wrong. You're the one I seek.
Simply put, my friend, I need your help. You may or may not know this, but Penacony's far murkier than it seems. The Family's eyes are everywhere, but you get the drift.
My goal is simple: Help the IPC retrieve some things that belonged to them in the first place. If you agree, when this is done, you will stand to reap great rewards, as well as the Preservation's protection.
It's clear you're not just one of the crowd. You possess a distinct quality, so magnetic that it could sway the outcome of any game. That *power*, you really don't wish to use it? Or... you don't want to be rid of it? Why not use it to etch your name across the stars?
The power that men both fear and desire is right in the palms of your hands...
I know now.
Your acting's good, I like that.
Warning me! Hahaha, you're too funny.
You don't have to answer me now. Sit on it for a while. When the time is right, I will look for you again.
Of course, you can confer with your colleagues as well, or go as far as to use me in turn — I welcome that notion. Because it will also show me your true value.
I don't do deals where I'm on the losing end. So, I hope that "friends"... don't let me down.
Mm, very well.
I already said there's no rush to give me an answer. Because no matter what happens... the outcome will remain the same.
I already said there's no rush to give me an answer. Because no matter what happens... the outcome will remain the same.
Oh yes, before I go, let's play another game — a simple game, to get to know each other better. You just have to guess which hand the chip is hiding in. It'll help you get a better grasp on my personality, and the way I do things...
Left or right? Get ready, I'm about to reveal the answer.
...Oh, I didn't get your answer. But that's fine, because...
What is it, Ratio? Why the long face... Hey, I just realized, where's that handsome bust of yours?
You mean you don't believe me when I say I truly wish to befriend them?
Yeah, by that grey-suited fellow. All the cash gifts, and the box containing the Cornerstones... Eh? Where're you going?
It's nothing more than a few rocks, why so serious? Who cares if they're gone?
...Hah, you're funny, I'll give you that! It appears our erudite friend has done his homework.
Don't worry, Doctor, I have my ways. The Family fears interference from the IPC, hence their constant intervention... Or, to play devil's advocate, perhaps Penacony might have always been a ruse under the guise of "the Harmony?"
If you ask me, that invite is nothing but a self-planted diversion, a red herring. Or maybe they're thinking of pulling off something big during the Charmony Festival...
...Or someone else made the invite, and they acquiesced to elevating the magnitude of the plan. Regardless — be it The Family or the Watchmaker's Legacy, as long as they're all useful to me.
No need to expand on that now. It's not yet time to reveal my trump card.
Then, do you trust me?
So you don't trust me either. Now that was easy, wasn't it? Also, I didn't go to school, and my parents didn't teach me any of that. A pity, they left before they could impart any life lessons.
I'm not offended. But they did teach me that friends are weapons of the Avgins. Even under the watchful eye of the Harmony, we need as many friends as we can get.
Let's see, the Garden of Recollection and the Astral Express have already made contact. The Annihilation Gang... I can't really count on them. The Knights of Beauty haven't given their answer, and as for that bunch at the Tavern...
...Speaking of which, I ran into a woman just now who introduced herself as a Galaxy Ranger. The whole conversation felt off. Help me look into her...
...Huh?
...You don't really disdain me that much, do you? Well, seems like I'm on my own again.
Hello, friend. How have you been? I sincerely hope you don't mind.
My apologies for any perceived slight. To show my sincerity, I offer you 10,000 credits as a gesture of goodwill.
What're friends without friction! Now we're truly acquainted.
Such integrity, I like it! I must have you as a friend — here, 20,000 credits!
My apologies for any perceived slight. To show my sincerity, I offer you 10,000 credits as a gesture of goodwill.
That's the spirit! Nothing should come between friends. Tell me whatever you need, it's on my tab.
How upright, I like you! I must have you as a friend — here, 20,000 credits!
Please excuse me, I have some matters to attend to, so I must depart, but I'm sure we'll meet again soon.
...Your room?
...
...Well played, friend. You haven't been in Penacony long, but you already know how to rope people in to your cause.
Don't misunderstand, that was a mere reminder. This place runs deep, with plenty of unsavory characters. Don't forget to stay on your toes. Like... keeping your door closed.
To be more precise, it's been 45 minutes. Time sure flies when you're having fun, doesn't it?
Need another hint? I'm an {RUBY_B#Honey}Avgin{RUBY_E#}.
I'll pass — the gloomy shade of a place like that just wouldn't go with my vibe. Dreamville is frivolous, vain, and flashy — and that suits me just fine.
...Also, it never rains here! My outfit is too expensive to be exposed to the elements.
Really? You've never been friends with anyone from the IPC?
Fool, you've been left with no choice since the moment you accepted the invitation to be here. You better pick a side while you have the chance, or else you'll end up losing everything.
What's wrong with chips? In any gamble, the only players that will never be on the losing side are the chips. My friends from the Garden of Recollection and Astral Express are all smart enough to understand that.
Thanks! I'll keep your advice in mind!
...
...What a pain in the neck. I guess I'll have to meet with The Family again.
Right, I do enjoy seeing that shocked expression of yours.
My friend, let's be honest. That woman named "Acheron" isn't as simple as you thought. Did she say she's a Galaxy Ranger?
...She's actually an Emanator, who brings death and finality.
But? There's no but. This is the truth.
Perhaps The Hunt... or Destruction... or even Finality. It doesn't matter, these Paths all point to the same outcome.
She was there? Wait, what... You're kidding... Oh my, this just got even more interesting.
Let me give you some IPC insider information, my friend. Do you know "Duke Inferno" — Fetora's Ifrit?
Nicely done, as expected! I'll cut to the chase then...
You don't seem to have heard of him before... He belongs to the Annihilation Gang, so I guess it's normal. Then let me explain to you...
This Duke Inferno is a Fire Demon from Fetora. He's an energy lifeform, and it's rumored that his birth is related to a certain genius...
He and his thugs formed "Ever-Flame Mansion" and viewed Nanook as their savior — in actuality, they were led by this duke to go around burning and looting, practicing the will of Destruction. And even the other Annihilation Gangs weren't spared.
I'm not sure what The Family was thinking, or perhaps someone was scheming behind the scenes, but shockingly these characters received an invitation. And why would the Ever-Flame Mansion decline? They harbor fierce intentions, swearing to turn the Planet of Festivities into a sea of blazing flames...
But there's no need to worry. They won't be able to attend. Do you know why?
Because Ifrit is dead.
They were eliminated while on their way. The assailant, demonstrating remarkable expertise, ruthlessly ended Ifrit and swiped the invite that the Annihilation Gang had in their possession. The Ever-Flame Mansion disbanded, each going their separate ways...
Thereafter, a mysterious Galaxy Ranger arrived on Penacony, checking into the hotel with only a music box... Do you still need me to continue the story, my friend?
The Galaxy Rangers come and go like shadows, and there's little communication between them. Her story is almost too perfect. If she remains silent, there's no concrete evidence against her. While the IPC can investigate, it'll take some time.
So, my friend, the choice is yours now... You can leave this place immediately, without looking back, and forever forsake the chance to get closer to the truth.
Or, you can accept my invitation and learn a truth, a truth potent enough to upend everything in Penacony.
I need your help, so I'll wait — but not for long. Once you are ready... follow me.
As for aligning with me, see the truth first, then decide... you'll still have time.
Thank you for your efforts, Memokeeper - quite a brilliant move to pit enemies against each other.
When I first saw the Ranger and the Hunter together, my heart skipped a beat... I never thought you'd successfully trigger a conflict between the two.
Haha, looks like our Nameless friend over here is still confused. Let me explain.
In short, you need to thank this lady here, my friend. Not only did she not betray you — on the contrary, she rescued you...
...from that "Galaxy Ranger."
Excellent, I knew you would come. By the way, about that Memokeeper... Never mind, I won't press the issue further.
I've said before, you can liaise with your companions, or even twist the narrative against me. I'll wholeheartedly embrace it! It signifies your potential.
I don't do deals where I'm on the losing end. So, my "friends"... don't let me down.
Please, this way if you will!
This is it, just beyond this door. Take a deep breath and get ready.
Oh, I remember... my friend! After that, we played an enjoyable game.
Tell me, doesn't this feel eerily familiar?
I remember everything now. This was what I told you at that time...
Oh right, I remember mentioning something after that... What was it again?
Ah... a familiar hallway, a familiar room. Do you remember? The last time we met was right here.
...Ah, friend. My expression wasn't much better than yours when I first saw this.
Your eyes aren't deceiving you — it's her, the famous singer Robin.
First of all, can I just say that this had nothing to do with me. I'm just an unlucky bystander here. The Family can testify for me. If you don't believe me, just ask anyone in the Bloodhound Family — they hate me, and they hate the IPC, so they'd never lie.
This is not where the crime happened. What I showed to you was a "memory" — the most basic Light Cone manifesting tech, authorized by the Garden of Recollection and owned by the IPC.
Did you really think the Galaxy Ranger was an outsider this whole time?
Penacony has made a solemn commitment to protect the safety of anyone inside a Family dream. Any person in distress will be forcibly awakened and safely returned to reality.
What gives them the confidence to make such conclusive statements? Because behind this promise is the Harmony: The Family's Dreamweavers link up their minds together to construct an unbreakable defensive line.
Breaking through this line of defense to create "Death" in the dreamscape... Not even a Memokeeper could do that without The Family's permission.
Who could have done it? Friend, the only one is her, the girl who calls herself a Galaxy Ranger... An imposter, an unsought guest, an Emanator who hides her true identity...
Ifrit's death was a foregone conclusion, and Robin... her misfortune was staring right at her. Who will be the next to die?
It's fine. Listen to your gut. Building trust always takes time, and I'm willing to wait.
I just hope you realize that wherever that legacy is concerned... covert plans are already underway throughout Penacony. Everyone's got their own agenda.
Careful you don't get stuck on the wrong side. If I were you, I'd keep my distance from Acheron. After all, any schemes out in the open are always going to be better than a monster in the shadows... right?
...Memokeeper, I think our little deal is finished.
The IPC is not the Garden, and there are real limits to what they can actually do. But you know all this.
Friend, let's not beat around the bush here — the thing is, I want to reach out personally to team up with the Astral Express.
I told you, I'm just not interested in scrambling for "the Legacy." I just came to Penacony for work. I'm here to retrieve some lost property for the IPC, if you catch my drift... I'm talking ownership of this "frontier prison."
This has all become a bad debt thanks to the {RUBY_B#Stellaron}Cancer of All Worlds{RUBY_E#}. The IPC has tried sitting down for negotiations time and again, but The Family wouldn't even take our calls.
You have no idea how difficult these people are to deal with. Put it this way — they've hushed up the existence of "Death" before, so they can definitely cover up any news about Robin's death.
It'll just quietly float off like a bubble and pop, nobody ever being the wiser...
That's not fair, right? So then, friend, I need your help.
That's fine. I'm not forcing you.
But I'm really not asking for much, so why don't you at least hear me out, okay?
That's fine. I'm not forcing you.
But I'm really not asking for much, so why don't you at least hear me out, okay?
I have but only one goal: The Family's front door is like a high wall, and to tear the whole thing down I'll have to dig out a few chunks first. Once I find a weak point, the IPC will have plenty of means.
Now we have our chance. So long as we can get to the truth behind her death, we can have justice for Robin while also gaining a valuable bargaining chip for bringing The Family to the table.
Truly a once-in-a-blue-moon opportunity... I've been investigating and making lots of friends all over Penacony precisely for this very moment.
This tragic news would be extremely bad for The Family, so they'll be doing everything they can to stop it leaking — especially to the IPC.
But I trust there are still a few factions that remain exceptions, and that's why I need you all. The reputation of the Astral Express precedes you, and the Harmony will give you the fairest of appraisals.
You get to find out really what happened and seek justice, and I get to put it toward completing my mission for the IPC... It's what you call a win-win situation.
Don't worry. Just head back and talk things over with your companions.
That navigator is really smart. She must understand the value of this deal. Look, here's my contact details. If you come to any conclusions, call me.
Oh, and... take this! A thorough investigation can always use a little more funding. Don't mention it!
So long, friend. I really am looking forward to uncovering the truth about "Death" with everyone.
...Oh!
Oh heavens, I must have drunk too much SoulGlad... Didn't expect you to be back so soon. How is it... find anything?
Of course. Who could imagine that death would actually descend upon the idyllic dream created by The Family, let alone that the victim would be the female lead of the Charmony Festival...
To be honest with you, I didn't believe it and even tested it a few times myself — until I discovered that I couldn't actually die. Whenever there's any danger, I'm forced awake by the Dreampool and it's all as if everything were just a nightmare.
That's why I'm convinced that there are a few big secrets lurking behind the scenes.
This murderer is a psycho... but I have to say, the case does represent an opportunity. We can leverage The Family's malfeasance and let the IPC use this as a reason to intervene.
It's just that their trickery runs deeper than I thought. Robin's stand-in was all ready to go... These two murders are definitely getting hushed up.
What should we do? Let me think... It's too rare an opportunity to miss out on, so I gotta be careful...
There are plenty of chips, but it'd be best to choose carefully. The most straightforward... has to be Robin. Remember? That Masked Fool once told me to find a mute as a friend.
Robin is what she calls the "mute." She has lost her voice and while most people can't pick up on it, you and I cannot mistake that sound — not produced by any voicebox, but rather by the resonance of the Harmony.
If that girl hadn't gone hoarse from singing practice, there'd only be one possibility: Something was up with The Family, or Robin herself. To get to the bottom of this, I tried every way I could to meet her...
...but she died, right before my very eyes.
Things aren't looking too optimistic, Doctor. I'm starting to break out in a cold sweat. Do you reckon... there's still any chance of a comeback given how things are?
Who?
...
...Is this a public hearing, or a private trial?
Fine... That's great. It's all great. You see, the dead can't talk — but the living can...
Ratio, I'm convinced now that there must be something wrong inside The Family. Just you wait and see, that man's sister has died. He can't sit on his hands.
Without any further ado, let's set off — lead the way! The show... is about to begin.
Fortress? I like this metaphor. I had dealt with the warlords of the Iymanika star system not long ago, and their synchronized orbital manor wasn't this heavily guarded.
Hey, Doc — Whose side are you on anyway?
We'll see. When we meet the {RUBY_B#Sunday}authoritarian master{RUBY_E#} of the Oak Family, I'll pry an answer out of him.
...A dead end?
I mean... there isn't a door. How did you get in before?
Maybe we should do the same. Let's go and take a look. Of course, we can also use brute force.
Hmm... but are these Nightingales?
How can Nightingales be so huge? They look more like Torment Eagles to me.
Just as I thought, here's the correct answer.
Really? I thought you'd given up on that already.
Impressive. So much for Mr Sunday's reserved, virtuous image.
Yeah, you're right. The only way to destroy The Family is "Death." Sunday must have thought the same. Let's head down.
What's wrong? Are we heading the wrong way?
My friend, did you really make an appointment with him?
Oh, an escape room — my favorite.
Look, there's a noticeable gap in the model. I believe you're right.
With your brilliant mind you shouldn't have any trouble recalling what was here last time, right, Doctor?
This reminds me of one of those building toys. With the blocks? I've never played with them before. I wonder if it's more interesting than stacking chips.
Look, the gap is closed, and it fits perfectly — eh, so what's next?
Waaaaaah...!
...
...Good heavens. Did I shrink? Am I still in a dream?
Doctor... you're huge! It's me! Down here in the sandpit!
Actually I think we could make this work for us. Just find a way to slip me into Sunday's collar, and I'll infiltrate The Family just like that.
Fine. I was just kidding.
Then tell me about the tour.
Capsule machine... There's no mechanism on the floor. Could there be one at the top? Doctor, do me a favor —
Great. There's another pinball machine base here, and it's empty too.
...Doc, I'll need your brainpower again.
Ratio... I can hear you...
Ha, you're back! Just place it here... Thank you...!
Yeah, only I believe he's the one who should be prepared to face me.
I don't have a plan. I'll just play it by ear. There are only two kinds of bargaining chips when dealing with people: benefit or fear.
Am I not sincere enough? There's no need to emphasize it. We've got to make good use of death. That man's sister is dead. He won't be able to turn a blind eye, and that's "fear".
And I'll help him find the murderer. He can't do it due to his status and position, but I can, and that's "benefit."
Simple — Because that murderer could very well be a traitor hiding inside The Family.
That was just an excuse, good doctor. There's something wrong with that woman, and we need someone to keep her in check. It's better to minimize the variables outside of our control when we execute our plans.
Moreover, I need to know her identity. If I'm lucky, she could be an important pawn. And it's good to have more helpful friends when dealing with this matter.
But honestly, the murder case is likely unrelated to her. I believe my standpoint: There's a rat in The Family. Otherwise, why would Mr. Sunday arrange a private meeting with us? This isn't an interrogation, but a secret negotiation.
We'll see. Using Robin's death as a bargaining chip, I'll win back my freedom and power. In the end, I'll ruin this beautiful dream and create the grandest death.
If the chance of winning is just beyond this door, even if that chance is close to zero, well... you can't win if you don't play, right?
Three chips are enough.
All or nothing.
I appreciate your words, and I see you put a lot of effort into welcoming me, Mr. Sunday. However, this is no way to greet a guest.
Certainly, you ought to know this better than I do — he has already faithfully fulfilled his duties, hasn't he?
You don't look too well. Am I making you anxious?
...If not, then it means I'm on your side.
You weren't mistaken, for depravity is creeping in around you.
There's no need for us to be evasive. Let's talk about your sister. Your sister's talent is unrivaled in the world of show business. As you know, her voice has been out of tune since she returned to Penacony. What's more disheartening, she {RUBY_B#Death}can't sing anymore{RUBY_E#}.
Who could be responsible for this? Many suspect the culprit is among the outsiders, but I know... you hold a different opinion.
Now, your noble status has become a shackle, preventing you from apprehending the murderer and avenging your sister's death. You're feeling anxious because you're out on a limb.
But don't worry. I am on your side.
Naturally, you wouldn't incur any loss from this. I just want to reclaim what is mine: my liberty, and the personal items under The Family's custody — the bag of gift money, and...
That's right.
I'm sure you're aware of the high level of risk I'll be undertaking to bring the truth to light.
Of course.
No room for negotiation?
...Sure. The gift money is good enough. I suppose you wouldn't mind that? After all, a merchant can't function without a bargaining chip.
...What have you done?
And if I refuse to answer?
...
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes. You even know about that?
No. Does it matter?
Yes.
No.
...Perhaps.
...
I don't know.
...
...Of course.
Ratio, you wretch...
...You might as well explain yourself a little more clearly.
Is this what the Harmony represents? Is it built upon constraint and coercion?
Sounds like I'm going to end up the same either way.
Shameless hypocrites... You took everything from me and still demand the truth? That isn't fair. Your carnival reeks with the stench of cash. Nothing is achievable without it!
This meeting isn't an interrogation, or a negotiation...
It's an outright execution.
...
What is it now?
The nameplate reads: Gulliver's Arch. I'm amazed you can remember something this tiny. You know, this reminds me of a tunnel I once saw that could shrink people who passed through it.
So I was right. These models have interiors that look exactly like the real buildings. The only difference is that no one lives in them.
Funny that Sunday puts a miniature that makes him seem like a giant by comparison right where he can see it first thing in the morning. Insecure much?
Doctor... Shake a leg...?
Without that Pinball machine, neither one of us is going anywhere anytime soon.
Penacony isn't all bad, right? I'll use this interesting experience as a talking point at the poker table.
Look, like I said — brute force can also solve things.
Wow, that's an enormous sandpit... I'd love to build a tall building for myself once I have enough savings.
Fine, fine. Why do I feel that we're pursuing a degree in burglary now?
Let's find a way to open the door.
What's up with that? Now The Family's toys are trying to frame me? I didn't do a thing to it, Doc. You've gotta be my witness.
One of the fragments flew upstairs. I'll need to use the pinball machine to flick myself up there, but it's tough.
Thanks, Doc!
Ratio, you should come in and take a look. The view here is breathtaking. Honestly, you could easily squash me with just a pinch.
All done. Piece of cake.
And the joyous tour of Toy City has come to an end. It makes me feel sad.
...
...Can a "commodity code" really be considered a lucky charm?
...
...You're insane.
Aren't you worried that the money you spent on me will go to waste?
...
...How much did you spend?
My price. How much did you pay for me?
...I'll take my chances.
Thirty Tanba... If I come back alive, you'll give me thirty Tanba. Deal?
...
Didn't think you'd have the nerve to show yourself.
So, the "genius" of the Council of Mundanites wants to be my undertaker now? My... what an honor.
Great, then tell your people that Aventurine is ready to go in seventeen system hours.
My conversation with Sunday convinced me that there's a traitor in The Family, and that they hold the secrets of Penacony... So, I took the opportunity to set everything in motion.
I even managed to recover the gift money. Things haven't gone this smoothly since I walked through the doors of The Reverie... Now, I'm only one step away from victory. Let's just wait and see.
That's all I can say. Have you forgotten, Doctor? You betrayed me.
Go, do what you must. I look forward to the sight of the IPC fleet surrounding Penacony. You've achieved what you desired, haven't you?
Well, who knows? Maybe that's why I'm handing out cash even when I'm about to bite the dust.
Well, maybe I am. Who knows?
What's this...? Medical advice?
You catch on pretty fast, Doctor.
...
Asking me to solve a case without giving a single clue... How typical of you, you wing-headed scoundrel.
But the way you're all on edge about that stowaway, it's just as I guessed it would be. As for now... let the rain of wealth from the IPC fall evenly on everyone.
A great show will start soon, old man. But before that, I need to ask you something. Do you know where I can find "Death" in this dream?
Is that all?
...What a joke. Well, I'll leave you be, then. I hope you have a wonderful day!
(A monster covered in eyes... that sounds like the Memory Zone Meme, but buildings and lights... I don't think those have anything to do with "Death." That whole dream bubble was probably created using rumors and gossip.)
Well, you see... I can't bear to see anyone in this sweet dream suffering from poverty.
Sure thing. By the way, do you happen to know anything interesting about "Death?"
You see, I'm a tabloid reporter collecting ghost stories in Penacony. As you know, the more chilling the stories... the more attention they get. Maybe you could help me out?
Thank you. This will make for a very juicy headline. May Xipe protect us.
(Unexplained coma? That's actually what happens to your body if your brain dies in a dream, but unfortunately, the customer ended up waking up in the end.)
That won't be necessary. I have some business to attend to... but thank you all the same.
Well, actually, I do need a favor... As the most outstanding Hound in Penacony, have you come across any stowaways recently?
All right... Good luck with your work, then.
(What was I even thinking...? The Family would never share intel with the IPC...)
You really shouldn't drink so much SoulGlad, my friend. It's not good for your health.
The Devil of SoulGlad... Care to elaborate?
...Yeah, very funny indeed. Thank you.
Yes, it's for you... Just take it.
Oh, it's not much. I just want to ask you something.
Um... neither. I just wanted to know if you've ever heard about "Death" in the Dreamscape?
...Hey, stay positive. Gold will always shine one day, right?
Haha, I'm flattered. I'm no prince, and I just thought these gems would help you speak. So, as an investigative reporter, maybe you have heard of something about "Death?"
How did your boss talk you out of it?
Heh, I guess she's got a point... Thank you for sharing.
Heh... it's you, Masked Fool. I should have guessed it. You're the "imposter" who appeared on TV after Robin's death, right?
...What do you mean?
No, I mean... what did you mean by "becoming one myself"?
...
Because I'm getting closer to the truth, right?
Why else do you think I'm handing out cheap trinkets all over the streets, Fool?
All part of the act. Fool's bait. The more pathetic I seem, the more likely you'll come sniffing around. So. Now that I've drawn you out, will you reward me with an answer for my efforts?
Don't you want to see Penacony descend into chaos? Well, I can make it happen. I just need an answer to one question: Back then, when you asked me to find a "mute"...
...Did you really mean Robin?
Then I'll thank you. The word "no" has never sounded so pleasing.
Now I'm completely sure that I was on the right track from the beginning and never strayed, Fool.
Right now, there are only two things missing from my grasp: the meaning behind the truth and the means to expose it.
Not exactly. I've gathered enough clues to prove its existence, and that's enough for me. As for the answers to my questions, I'll find them within seventeen... no, sixteen system hours.
A deadly button, huh?... I guess The Family didn't take your threats seriously at all? Otherwise, how on earth did you manage to bring it in here?
I'm afraid I'll have to decline your offer. Who knows if your little gadget will actually work? By the way, I have no plans to search for the other mute friend you speak of, but it's good to hear that he's still here in Penacony.
I'll handle the rest myself. I'll orchestrate a grand finale for the downfall of The Family. And at the climax, the walls will crumble, people will wake up, and those who couldn't speak will find their voices again...
When that time comes, go ahead and press the button, and light up the sky with a magnificent fireworks display for me. Catch you later, Fool.
(Ehhh... I can feel something inside my head... Is the "Harmony" starting to kick in?)
(The disturbing voice in my head... it's getting closer.)
(Does everyone have to go through so much torment before joining The Family?... Darn it, now I just want to dig out my brain and use it as evidence...)
...
...
(The Devil of SoulGlad, dangers in the dream, and nightmare ghosts... Surely, "Death" is a popular topic in this sweet dream granted by The Family. I've collected a bunch of rumors, but no useful clues...)
(The gems in my bag are running low... Let's see if my last lucky interviewee brings some surprises.)
Life is like a long-term investment. Those who choose correctly, do the correct things, reach the correct outcomes, show the world their value.
People can't always make the right choices in their lives, but luck has always been on my side. I've never lost.
Is it because Gaiathra blesses me? If that's the case, SHE must also be looking upon me right now. My success is inevitable.
...But, what then?
Even if I overcome this difficult trial, what would come next? What awaits me after this glorious gamble... an even more glorious one?
Will I return triumphant with unending riches after countless successes, or will I encounter failure...
...never to return?
...
Wh-What?
Am I dreaming, or have I gone completely insane?
Fine... I may be crazy, but I'm not stupid. Get out of my head, newborn of the Harmony.
Why not?
...What exactly are you?
I thought minors weren't allowed in Golden Hour... Hey kid, are you okay? Are you lost—
— Ugh!
Your... eyes?
...Impossible. Who are you?
Are... you alone? Where are your parents?
...
What are you still doing here?
When you put it like that, even Ratio's "Attini Peacock" analogy sounds pleasant.
...
The best way to prevent others from seeing your true colors, is first being able to fool yourself.
I thought you knew... Didn't you say you had me pegged?
We're done. Either stop talking, or disappear from my sight.
...
It wasn't ruined. I've always kept it.
...I've never changed.
Is this...
A topaz? What is this doing here...
Uhh...
...I was merely curious why it was here.
This is just bait.
Or maybe he wasn't acting at all?
...Why don't you stop rummaging through my mind.
Why are you even asking me?
...Jade.
Even Sunday can't tell the difference. It looks like jade can be substituted for aventurine, too. Sauce for the goose...
As I said before, three chips are sufficient — all, or nothing.
But will it be the former, or the latter? Hah, we'll find out soon enough.
Heh, suddenly you don't know where it is?
...As you wish then. They never went anywhere. They're right where they belong...
Piled up with these cheap baubles.
Diamond has always been all about results. As long as I can create value far beyond the cost, the ends justify the means.
How else would The Family be fooled if there was no price to pay? It doesn't matter — even smashed to smithereens, the Preservation's cornerstone can still be used. Its effect may be greatly diminished, but... it's enough for me.
Hmph, there is so much you don't see... Which is also why you'll never see how I'll win it all.
...We'll just have to wait and see then.
...Yes, we meet again. Did you find your mother and father?
I think you mean "film".
...Sure.
How's that? Not a bad score, eh?
...
...Boring.
Why aren't you talking?
You sound sincere this time, at least.
Is this...
It's got nothing to do with you.
...Shut up.
How could a weak person take such daring risks?
Those {RUBY_B#cheats}techniques{RUBY_E#} you mentioned are highly efficient, but it's not that I don't know about them — it's more like I couldn't care less. Get it?
What fun is it if the fight isn't fair?
She gave me an answer that could turn everything upside down.
...
...That's cheating.
...
Mama only left us with two pieces of jewelry: A necklace and a lucky charm. There won't ever be a third piece.
You can zip it if there's nothing to talk about.
Enough... Do you not have anything better to talk about?
We'll know when the dice falls.
...
You're... going back?
Your home... Where is it?
...
...Because they're not here.
I don't know.
...
Your past... and future.
How long will you stay?
Forever. We'll be with you, forever in this dream.
...This is the greatest honor that we can offer to those who hurtle towards death.
...
The road less traveled is less traveled for a reason. But you've never gone in any other direction. Your own life is the chip you're most eager to lay down. Always has been.
You don't care who the real murderer is. And the Watchmaker's so-called "legacy" couldn't be more boring. What you want, what you need, is to be the smooth operator — the solid gold deal-maker who doesn't waste a drop of sweat even when he's up to his neck in danger, deep inside Family territory. You want to be polished up, cuffed with red-hot chains and spotlit center stage...
You'll be the closing act! The final sacrifice.
...I can do it, and it will be flawless.
Of course you can. Your luck will help you at the right time — a Stellaron and an Emanator... It's that simple, no?
That way, the IPC will earn a place at the table. And as for you, you'll just happen to slip the leash, leave the rat race, extract yourself from this endless debacle. You'll have the freedom you've always dreamed of.
This isn't the first time... you've been an escape artist from day one. This fiasco started with a "Death," and its curtains will fall on another "Death."
...So, that's why Diamond chose you?
He's just after Penacony, no matter the means, no matter the price... It's not personal.
It's hard, isn't it?
Don't get soft on me now. What, did you suddenly grow a conscience?
Hey I was born from your self. I'm well aware that climbing out of the hole you've dug is basically impossible.
I can't stop you from doing what you want, and... we can't change where you want to go.
What's done can't be undone. All we can do is play the cards we're dealt, and rake in as much time as possible.
Yes. Alas, people won't make all the right choices in their lifetime... Though luck always seems like it's on your side.
You will keep winning, having never lost before. But why you? Why... must it be you?
If all your luck is built on the pain of someone you love, on the loss of dozens more — if these windfalls, these jackpots aren't a gift from Gaiathra — if all they are is a long string of meaningless deaths...
...Then what did we do to deserve living in a world like that?
...
Maybe... maybe when I get to where I'm going and look back, I'll know what the trip was all about.
Hmph... Fine. Time to make a move, my friend. I'll be waiting up {RUBY_B#Future}ahead{RUBY_E#}.
Say goodbye to {RUBY_B#Past}the kid{RUBY_E#} before you shuffle off. It's...
It's best to die without regrets.
...
...Sure, come on.
Look at the lens when you're taking a photo the next time — your expression will look more natural.
I can't leave yet.
I still have... a show to do.
...Sure.
Thank you.
It's alright. I know how to do it.
Of course I know.
Kakavasha?
...
...Bye.
Okay, all the actors are in place. It's time for the show to begin.
This act is dedicated to you. I hope it'll be an unforgettable memory for you...
...Kakavasha.
Let's assume — just assuming, now — that every time I roll the dice, there is a possibility of achieving this particular outcome...
Then, I would be quite happy to make that wager.
First I'm hearing things, and now I'm seeing them. Great! Am I going to be elevated into the Harmony's Emanator next?
...Why are there no guests here? What's that feather-head doing?
Just a Pepeshi... No, a child?
Those eyes... and Mama Fenge... No! It can't...
There AREN'T any Avgins left!
...It's not going to be me anyway.
That child... Could he be in here?
The cornerstone is gone... Another illusion of the Harmony.
...Huh?
A dead end... Is this the wrong way?
It's so quiet this time. Is he finally gone...? Or am I the one about to disappear?
Finally... made it out of this place.
I'm actually a... merchant. But I do have a show to do.
Only ordinary employees have to wear that. My position... is much higher than theirs.
Of course you can.
You'll be better, and stronger than me.
Ladies and gentlemen...
The most wondrous, most magnificent show in Penacony's history is about to begin...
The IPC cordially invites everyone to — Clock Studios Theme Park!
Astral Express, you're late, and this... "unsought guest."
I will, naturally. But before that, I've got to introduce our guest of honor.
Oh no, they do, of course they do. Otherwise, why would I work so hard to gain your trust and then invite you all here?
That's right, madam — the third one is about to happen right now, right here in Clock Studios Theme Park...
A truly grand death.
...You will become the personification of "Death."
I thought my intent was crystal clear...
Don't underestimate the Preservation. The cornerstone of the Amber Lord will surely guide me...
Never underestimate yourself. Like I said, you have the power to turn the tide on the entire game...
Let me be a little clearer: I will detonate the Stellaron in you, and cause a teeny-tiny accident on Penacony...
Bam! The entire theme park will be reduced to a shattered dream. Then, before The Family can even react, I'll become the IPC fleet's navigator.
You wanna bet? Sure, I'll bet with you. I'm betting that it'll be a sweeping victory for me, by detonating an unprecedented explosion to prove that the vow of Harmony is a complete and utter joke.
Of course I can. It's just another gamble.
I came from the wastelands of Sigonia. For just sixty red copper coins, people paid to brand me, put me in chains, place me in the gallows and bury me in the golden sands...
But the sun could not kill me, and the quicksand sent me back to the embrace of the Guild and IPC. Bear in mind, my victory wasn't just a stroke of luck — I've never been defeated.
Have you ever heard the saying "Sleep is the rehearsal of death"? Why does life slumber? All because we are not ready for the final rest.
Every night is practice for the end. You and I are escaping into our dreams for fear of death at this very moment. And "Death"... will surface in our dreams.
Friends, the game has commenced, and you cannot choose to decline...
...Nor do you have any reason or grounds to.
Ladies, gentlemen, dream seekers, tycoons, esteemed guests of the Watchmaker and The Family...
...Also not forgetting the Nameless of the renowned Astral Express! Welcome to the Interastral Peace Corporation's live show!
Alright, let's see who has the last laugh — let the game begin!
Even on a losing streak, as long as people still have hope, they'll keep throwing money on the table...
The chance, no matter how small, the potential is what you hang onto. That's what justifies the gamble!
Everybody's like that, down to the last player.
So why can't I be happy too? Why can't I feel that free?
...
What... is this place?
A gigantic black hole, and... sea...
Have... Have I succeeded?
Nihility... is it?
That's all... My friend, you really leave me at a loss for words.
So... Is this my final destination, the land of the dead?
It seems that my death has already been determined.
What do you mean?
...Why would I do this?
...
...How did you find out?
It's that person's identity, isn't it?
Let's just say I'd put money on the possibility.
...The murder isn't nearly enough to disrupt business as usual. Even if there were one or two murders on Penacony, most people wouldn't be personally affected — and that won't create any waves.
This {RUBY_B#Memory Zone}dream{RUBY_E#} of theirs isn't a boundless sea, it's a lonely island. The Family used the Harmony to build a high wall and isolate them from the vast and treacherous ocean of the outside world.
That barrier they built "keeps death out," but it also keeps the secrets that are lost in that watery abyss from floating to the surface. In a beautiful dream, free of suffering, who would want to go fishing for those secrets. No one. Unless...
Someone already has.
I got the idea early on, chewing on that Masked Fool's little hint. If a mute isn't "someone who cannot make a sound," then it has to be "someone who cannot speak."
Someone who survived the treacherous depths, but is unable to take the stage and speak the truth. I'm happy to know she's safe and sound, and still on Penacony.
Proof is the one thing I don't have. The only thing that can prove these... conjectures... is for The Family to come clean. And with the way they buttered up these outsiders, it seems pretty clear they're intent on covering their tracks.
But you don't need proof to have a suspicion, and for me suspicion is enough. I didn't need to find the memory zone meme. I just needed for someone to kill me like it killed the silver-haired girl.
It's a huge gamble, isn't it? But, allow me to point out a mistake: The IPC's success is not guaranteed — I unfortunately have no contingencies for such an important matter.
Detonating a Stellaron... I can't do it. The aventurine stone is too broken to even safeguard my escape from the stage.
If at the end of the day you did not unsheathe your blade... I would have lost the bet.
Wavered? Of course I have. But I can only bank on my own good fortune.
Because other than that, I have nothing.
...
...Before we part, can you answer one more question? As someone who has traveled on that road, can you tell me...
Why are we born into this world if it's just to die?
But the Nihility envelops you and I... and everyone.
— But it is still there.
If the dice of fate are always weighted, then that is our destiny. Why then... do we struggle against it?
...
...Then I shall get going.
...Yes. Because they are not here... My papa, mama, and big sis...
They are in a place where everyone will go. A very, very distant place.
I'll get there, one day.
But not now.
There will come a day when the sky will drizzle, and I will hear the call of Gaiathra Triclops and know that it is time for me to go and be reunited with my family.
So until the time comes... I should be preparing.
Preparing to face them, Kakavasha, and to make them proud.
Of course. For I am a child who received the blessing of Gaiathra Triclops.
I seem that way because I am nervous. You know what? Maybe you can help...
What do you say? One last time? Put our palms together?
It's been a while, my Astral Express friends.
I would also extend my sincere thanks to you, General of the Luofu. The presence of everyone here assures that the talks will likely reach a conclusion that satisfies all sides.
Of course. Topaz, if you please?
"All in the name of peace" — that's our motto.
To be honest, it does nothing to benefit the IPC... but it is extremely beneficial to the long-term development of the entire universe.
Haha, if that's what it takes to bring peace to the entire universe, it's a price I'll gladly pay.
Seems the dust has finally settled, no? Well done, friend.
Are you just calling to poke fun at me?
Just as I expected. So, is Diamond planning to demote me, or kick me out of the Ten Stonehearts?
Well, alright. Then I'll guess... he's going to promote me to P46?
Are we talking about a real bet here? I don't wanna wager anything just to escape your clutches.
But if it's just a friendly bet, I'll put on the line what I did when we first met. I'll bet my life, ma'am.
Sounds like I'll be out of the action for a while. Finally, a chance to kick back and relax?
...Huh?
Let's wrap it up for now. Looks like I've got a visitor here...
Oh? So many surprises today. Didn't expect a Galaxy Ranger and wanted criminal to show up here...
...One who managed to take out two IPC members under the noses of our fleet. Do you understand what that means?
May your schemes... be forever concealed
Hey, what's with the hostility? It's not like I'm your boss... Oh, wait, I guess I am now? Haha! My apologies — I'm still getting used to my new place in the hierarchy!
Oh, nothing important — just checking in on you. I told you Jarilo-VI would be a high-risk low-reward case. Why'd you even bother?
In our line of work, having a kind heart can be more of a liability than an asset. If you're not careful, you'll end up leading yourself down a dead-end road...
W—Wait, hold on a minute, don't hang up. I get it, you're not in the mood for this conversation right now... Okay, how about this — something that might interest you...
While you were enjoying your playtime on Jarilo-VI, Diamond was busy taking care of the head honcho of the Building Material Logistics Department. That's why he didn't attend today's meeting.
That's right, the renowned Taravan — one of the seven board members! He's throwing his support behind us instead of the Marketing Development Department for once. Ha! Oswaldo won't be laughing anymore!
Diamond's been a great help to both of us. Your antics on such a crucial day can't exactly have painted the Strategic Investment Department in a good light, y'know?
Since you get the point, let's get down to business... I'm currently at Pier Point — there's a major deal that could affect the whole department. I just so happen to need a reliable project manager for the job... what do you say, old friend?
Penacony, what else?
That's right⁓ Now that's the kind of reaction I was hoping for.
Honestly, who knows? "The Family" has some pretty questionable characters. If you ask me, doing business with them is a lost cause.
But as we both know, the IPC does more than just "business deals" — guess it's my time to shine. So, how about it? This is a rare opportunity. Consider it. You never know, you might even be able to make up for your blunder on Jarilo-VI.
Three chips are enough. All or nothing.
It's just that right now, we're on the eve of the Charmony Festival, Penacony's most important moment of every era. And with The Family's invite, all guests from all over the cosmos have thronged this place...
Hotel security is on high alert, with zero room for error. And with such a last minute change, it really isn't something that this young lady's words can resolve on a whim. My esteemed guests from the Astral Express, please do not make it harder for her.
I'm pretty sure you already have some ideas...
...Lowly gambler?
...
Perhaps both.
Forgotten me already? When you were strapped to that electric chair by Iymanikan warlords, who was it that gave you the idea?
Heh, the Harmony? Don't play the fool — it's not the first time we've met. No need to be so polite.
I'm you, and perhaps even more aware of yourself than you, of what exactly you want. You're dying, and you still want to drag a bunch of unfortunate fools with you through death's door... That's why you're here, isn't it?
...A grand unveiling. You really think you can pull it off?
Well you may have fooled everyone, but you can't fool yourself.
I can show you — before you're entirely gone, I'll be with you for the last stretch of your road...
Let's have a heart-to-heart while we walk.
Most people in this world spend their entire lives just to reach one outcome... and I am that outcome.
Kakavasha... I am your future.
Only on Penacony, am I right?
You've known all along, if The Family truly showed leniency to everyone who came seeking help, why would there be a need for such high walls and deep moats?
However, people don't see it like that, especially since the flavor of the dream syrup is so alluring. You will receive no charity on Penacony, and relying on your own strength alone to topple high walls...? Not a likely feat.
Which is why once you step into the hotel, you remove your high hat and beg everyone you come across for help, like a hyena scavenging for scraps in the desert. Because you know that opportunities are fleeting.
You know how rare it is for me to give you the straight dope, so listen while you can.
It's good timing that you mentioned the doctor. I'm especially fond of what you and he have in common, the conspiracies... calculations... especially the part about the finale, a magnificent act of betrayal!
...When everyone thinks this way, who would even suspect that it was another trap you've meticulously devised?
Go on. Tell me I'm right. You know who you really are, Mr. Cavalier Gambler: uptight, overcautious, massive inferiority complex. You've won so much, and you're still SO afraid of losing.
They only see your big bets, your bravado, the full house, the straight flush. They don't know the other hand is below the table, clutching your chips for dear life.
It's a heck of an act. No wonder the tavern sent you an invite. You're a natural, kid. You don't stop at fooling the audience— you fool yourself too.
Haha, of course, I know you all too well... But, it's strange — why did you decline that invitation? You had the chance to embrace Elation. Was that not what you most wanted? But you chose the IPC instead...
For the Preservation? Hmph, I doubt it. Do you even have anything in common with the Preservation?
That's fine. But, who exactly is about to disappear here?
Hide-and-seek... What sweet childhood memories.
When Mama said goodbye that day, how many Katicans were like jackals hot on your heels?
I know you won't forget that sound anytime soon, those shrill cackles? You had to hide right under the noses of those savages, you and Big Sis, playing dead, drifting in all that bloody water. Completely ruined that shirt. Shame. Wasn't that the last one Dad left behind?
Come on. It's a rag. It's not like you can ever wear it.
Now you don't have to hide. You probably won't even deign to get your pretty outfit wet in the rain... Your social capital has changed, after all.
On the contrary, now you're the one who does the hunting. The last round of hide and seek, and you get to be it. You should enjoy it.
What, does her cornerstone wrench at your heart so?
Maybe that winged guy put it here to taunt you. Just to make you realize that your painstakingly arranged magic show is nothing but a death rattle.
"The cornerstone's hue is the same as the radiance of Qlipoth's body"... I've got to give it to you, I've heard a lot of baloney, but that lie deserves a prize for sheer nerve. If he were just a little bit smarter, the jig would've been up right there.
Of course! That's why Ratio's betrayal was one of the keys to your plan. I have to say, that doctor's acting was superb.
All the better for you!
Sunday didn't become head of the Oak Family by acting sloppy. He's obsessed with control. You have to give him enough detail to satisfy his meticulous nature, but not so much that he gets suspicious.
...Which is why you had Ratio seek him out and leak the plan on purpose — to prevent the other party from suspecting anything. The intel you gave to Ratio was all true, and he spoke the same to Sunday.
Finally, Sunday took {RUBY_B#topaz}the bait{RUBY_E#}, found the other cornerstone, and before you know it...
...Everyone's distracted enough for you to steal {RUBY_B#aventurine}the third stone{RUBY_E#}, right out from under them.
Your mind? It's our mind. You're me, and I'm you. We're the same.
"The best way to prevent others from seeing your true colors, is to first be able to fool yourself"... Really? You can't even fool yourself. You just got lucky this time.
This is the other cornerstone in Sunday's hands. A rather beautiful green, just like you, smooth and cunning...
Tell me, what's its name?
Ugh, must I do all the work? Aventurine is the stone of luck and trickery... That's what she said when you received the stone, wasn't it?
This type of stone isn't rare, but its hue is very similar to a certain gem. In fact, it's often used as {RUBY_B#counterfeit}a substitute{RUBY_E#}. And that more precious gem is...
Aventurine, Topaz, Jade... Three {RUBY_B#Ten Stonehearts}elites{RUBY_E#}, three cornerstones who, for a measly Penacony, offered their everything. You're even more united than The Family.
So, where's the real aventurine stone? Take it out. Let's take a look.
I just want to hear you say it... After all, it really does resemble its owner.
You smashed the aventurine stone before you left...?
...Just look at it, tsk. Shattered, just like your life. Poor thing. A humble pebble coated in the most lustrous sheen. I take it back, this thing is far more precious than your life.
You're absolutely clear about the consequences of doing this? Blasphemy against {RUBY_B#Cornerstone}Qlipoth's body{RUBY_E#}. You think the IPC will let you get off scot-free?
Now I'm really curious. Why does every step you take involve reckless risks, and the choices you prepare for yourself always come with a strong impulse for self-destruction?
Do you truly believe that the greater the risk, the greater the rewards? I wouldn't have guessed you'd be so loyal to the IPC.
That is, if you can do what it takes.
...
You've piqued my interest... I'll admit that there are still aspects of you that I don't completely understand.
Sincerity is one of my traits that everybody likes. And I have precious few of those. Moving on! See that maze over there? I'll know everything about you before you reach the exit.
Our quaint journey through this amusement park still isn't over... and I wouldn't mind stretching this out at all.
What's on your mind?
Do you need a hint? These are manacles on you. That man gave you your first job, and you made your first pot of gold... I remember it all too well.
You wrapped that iron chain around your fist, for that is the only {RUBY_B#weapon}tool{RUBY_E#} you could find. Then, in that maze, you...
Oh... You don't wish to face your past? Unwilling to admit that your life is worth only sixty {RUBY_B#Red Copper Coins}Tanbas{RUBY_E#}?
From what I see, you refuse to confront it, because it only proves your weakness.
That's right. You love the thrill of danger... but you refuse to let go of meaningless sentiments. Even in this beautiful dream, the only thing you "dare" allow yourself is death.
In your hands, those who follow you could've become joker cards. They're far more useful that way. It's not like this is the only place The Family ever cut corners. You could've had tons of action if you weren't so all-or-nothing. All it takes is a meager sacrifice... I bet "Opal" would have resolved this without a fuss.
A pity you're not him. You wouldn't be in this state if you could just get with the program.... And why couldn't you? Out of professional integrity?
Fair... Heh, you assume your opponents would fight fair in the first place. The odds are obviously not in your favor, so how are you just breezing by? Did that Masked Fool's words awaken something in you?
Hmph, everything?
You mean, it could make all the cards on the table just... disappear?
Your expression right now is hard to put into words. The lucky charm Mama left you is made from gold. Why did you never consider selling it?
You obviously could've lived a normal life like Big Sis that way. Looking back, that was the better choice.
That's what you always say, but you actually regret it, don't you? That you didn't sell them?
Ha... I know. You must remember what Big Sis told you: You're a child blessed by Gaiathra Triclops and can lead the clan to happiness. So, always remember to protect yourself and never resent the pain and poverty you're going through...
The words still ring in your ears, don't they? You're a good kid, so you definitely won't have forgotten.
So you surely won't forget how tragic her last moments of life were, how the piercing laughter behind you felt like it was drilling into your heart... You ran away without looking back, just as she told you to.
Tsk tsk... A lifelong regret, indeed.
Oh! Shut me down like a champ. Well I guess when it comes to mind games this isn't exactly your first rodeo.
I think I finally get you. And *whew* you are nuts.
"In the end, I'll ruin this beautiful dream and create the grandest death." — You've stuck to that, start to finish.
Think about it. There's a Stellaron in play, the fabulous Robin loses her voice, two unsolved murders, cryptic messages from a Masked Fool, and a chance to go head-to-head with Sunday himself... and the only thing to pique your interest is one word — the last word, a word that's right there at your fingertips...
..."Death," but whose, exactly?
*laugh* Alright then, reserve a seat for me in the audience. I'm curious to see just how capable you are. Still, you never answered my question:
If you could start over... would you still want to be the child who received Gaiathra's blessing?
Where are they then?
You DO know. But there's no point pressing the issue.
Admit it. You're tired.
We all are, which is why we chose to stay here. Me... and him.
You only got demoted one rank? Whew, you dodged a bullet there — pretty big project to mess up on. Someone must be looking out for you. Oh, they've already left the call...
Ugh, this voice changer is driving me crazy. Let me turn it off.
"Acheron..." Merely a borrowed name. You know my nature, remember my deeds... Thus, I am Acheron.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
Our journey begins anew. Life passes like a fleeting rain, eventually merging with the ground. May our next encounter be... under a clear sky.
Lone voyagers in the cosmos are driven by two desires: to tread in the trails of the past, and to forge their own way. But under THEIR scrutiny... most end up adhering to the former.
In the hazy memories of my distant hometown, there were often heavy thunderstorms. Fearing their makeup would be ruined by the rain, girls carried makeup with them wherever they went. I have no reason to do so anymore, but the habit still remains.
As the raindrops tumble from the crimson leaves, their pitter-patter on my umbrella whispers gently to me. In these moments... I find brief serenity.
If one carries a blade, it's bound to be used to cut something down. My reason for drawing my sword — past, present, or future — remains singular.
They embody life's delights and pleasures, but are equally fragile and short-lived... Such regret is inevitable, so let it be.
When I awoke from that place, the sea's horizon still held faint thunder, and the falling blood rain was easing — the sight of that moment lay strikingly clear before me.
Curious about this blade? When unsheathed, it unveils the memories stored within — every instance I've swung it, in the beginning, the end... and nothingness.
Black holes aren't spectacular, nor are they fierce. They're silent, like a lone, forlorn gaze watching over you and me... and then gently they consume everything, bestowing a frigid, silent embrace.
Seeking knowledge, craving revelation, striving to exist... humans traverse the path of fate.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
In her, I see the fireflies of the forest, dazzling and bewitching, yet shining only for a brief moment.
A lady of elegance and dignity, her benevolent offer lingers in my memory. That dance... it brought me a sense of warmth and nostalgia.
A shattered emptiness draped in the guise of desire... his existence is strikingly powerful, yet the self beneath is extraordinarily faint.
There are many types of people called "heroes," and he is among the most genuine... I have seen many such people come and go.
Wherever the fiery giant treads, scorched earth follows. Yet, it's those consumed by unending fire... who, after the flames vanish, quietly hold the ashes in their lonesome embrace.
"To cross the same river twice" ...Hardly a hardship.
Never turn back — the path behind is gone.
The distant vistas are hazy... but must surely hold beauty.
Another blank canvas.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
Our paths cross once more... Ready for another dance, Memokeeper?
All or nothing... time will tell.
Even before the abyss of a black hole... we still have a choice.
Half the work is already done.
This is where it ends.
Did you come here of your own volition, or was it fate?
Hasten — we've hardly any time left to say farewell.
Where are you going?
Existence is fleeting as the dawn's dew, destined for oblivion.
Again?
How familiar...
I weep for the departed...
Dusk's rain... it too shall fall.
All will eventually rest upon the earth...
I'll stay with you a little longer.
Don't worry, it's just a scrape.
Stream forth... the gleam of old blades.
Another blood debt repaid.
Seek, and you will find.
This is what exploring the cosmos is all about.
Life is a puzzle in and of itself.
Storm's on the horizon.
This haven of memories, every touch, every moment is like a thorned rose...
Another journey begins.
On the still waters of oblivion, I guide the wandering souls.
Don't forget to let your friends in on the action.
Perhaps there's more than one right answer.
"Acheron..." Merely a borrowed name. You know my nature, remember my deeds... Thus, I am Acheron.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
Our journey begins anew. Life passes like a fleeting rain, eventually merging with the ground. May our next encounter be... under a clear sky.
Lone voyagers in the cosmos are driven by two desires: to tread in the trails of the past, and to forge their own way. But under THEIR scrutiny... most end up adhering to the former.
In the hazy memories of my distant hometown, there were often heavy thunderstorms. Fearing their makeup would be ruined by the rain, girls carried makeup with them wherever they went. I have no reason to do so anymore, but the habit still remains.
As the raindrops tumble from the crimson leaves, their pitter-patter on my umbrella whispers gently to me. In these moments... I find brief serenity.
If one carries a blade, it's bound to be used to cut something down. My reason for drawing my sword — past, present, or future — remains singular.
They embody life's delights and pleasures, but are equally fragile and short-lived... Such regret is inevitable, so let it be.
When I awoke from that place, the sea's horizon still held faint thunder, and the falling blood rain was easing — the sight of that moment lay strikingly clear before me.
Curious about this blade? When unsheathed, it unveils the memories stored within — every instance I've swung it, in the beginning, the end... and nothingness.
Black holes aren't spectacular, nor are they fierce. They're silent, like a lone, forlorn gaze watching over you and me... and then gently they consume everything, bestowing a frigid, silent embrace.
Seeking knowledge, craving revelation, striving to exist... humans traverse the path of fate.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
In her, I see the fireflies of the forest, dazzling and bewitching, yet shining only for a brief moment.
A lady of elegance and dignity, her benevolent offer lingers in my memory. That dance... it brought me a sense of warmth and nostalgia.
A shattered emptiness draped in the guise of desire... his existence is strikingly powerful, yet the self beneath is extraordinarily faint.
There are many types of people called "heroes," and he is among the most genuine... I have seen many such people come and go.
Wherever the fiery giant treads, scorched earth follows. Yet, it's those consumed by unending fire... who, after the flames vanish, quietly hold the ashes in their lonesome embrace.
"To cross the same river twice" ...Hardly a hardship.
Never turn back — the path behind is gone.
The distant vistas are hazy... but must surely hold beauty.
Another blank canvas.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
Our paths cross once more... Ready for another dance, Memokeeper?
All or nothing... time will tell.
Even before the abyss of a black hole... we still have a choice.
Half the work is already done.
This is where it ends.
Did you come here of your own volition, or was it fate?
Hasten — we've hardly any time left to say farewell.
Where are you going?
Existence is fleeting as the dawn's dew, destined for oblivion.
Again?
How familiar...
I weep for the departed...
Dusk's rain... it too shall fall.
All will eventually rest upon the earth...
I'll stay with you a little longer.
Don't worry, it's just a scrape.
Stream forth... the gleam of old blades.
Another blood debt repaid.
Seek, and you will find.
This is what exploring the cosmos is all about.
Life is a puzzle in and of itself.
Storm's on the horizon.
This haven of memories, every touch, every moment is like a thorned rose...
Another journey begins.
On the still waters of oblivion, I guide the wandering souls.
Don't forget to let your friends in on the action.
Perhaps there's more than one right answer.
"Acheron..." Merely a borrowed name. You know my nature, remember my deeds... Thus, I am Acheron.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
 It's raining... {NICKNAME}, care to join me for a walk? Here, I have an umbrella.
Our journey begins anew. Life passes like a fleeting rain, eventually merging with the ground. May our next encounter be... under a clear sky.
Lone voyagers in the cosmos are driven by two desires: to tread in the trails of the past, and to forge their own way. But under THEIR scrutiny... most end up adhering to the former.
In the hazy memories of my distant hometown, there were often heavy thunderstorms. Fearing their makeup would be ruined by the rain, girls carried makeup with them wherever they went. I have no reason to do so anymore, but the habit still remains.
As the raindrops tumble from the crimson leaves, their pitter-patter on my umbrella whispers gently to me. In these moments... I find brief serenity.
If one carries a blade, it's bound to be used to cut something down. My reason for drawing my sword — past, present, or future — remains singular.
They embody life's delights and pleasures, but are equally fragile and short-lived... Such regret is inevitable, so let it be.
When I awoke from that place, the sea's horizon still held faint thunder, and the falling blood rain was easing — the sight of that moment lay strikingly clear before me.
Curious about this blade? When unsheathed, it unveils the memories stored within — every instance I've swung it, in the beginning, the end... and nothingness.
Black holes aren't spectacular, nor are they fierce. They're silent, like a lone, forlorn gaze watching over you and me... and then gently they consume everything, bestowing a frigid, silent embrace.
Seeking knowledge, craving revelation, striving to exist... humans traverse the path of fate.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
 I, too, was once kept in someone's heart like you. Those trivial moments, when looked back upon, are worth more than a thousand words... The past shapes who we are today. Some things are hard to remember, others hard to forget.
In her, I see the fireflies of the forest, dazzling and bewitching, yet shining only for a brief moment.
A lady of elegance and dignity, her benevolent offer lingers in my memory. That dance... it brought me a sense of warmth and nostalgia.
A shattered emptiness draped in the guise of desire... his existence is strikingly powerful, yet the self beneath is extraordinarily faint.
There are many types of people called "heroes," and he is among the most genuine... I have seen many such people come and go.
Wherever the fiery giant treads, scorched earth follows. Yet, it's those consumed by unending fire... who, after the flames vanish, quietly hold the ashes in their lonesome embrace.
"To cross the same river twice" ...Hardly a hardship.
Never turn back — the path behind is gone.
The distant vistas are hazy... but must surely hold beauty.
Another blank canvas.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
 So it's you... Our time spent with one another is precious.
Our paths cross once more... Ready for another dance, Memokeeper?
All or nothing... time will tell.
Even before the abyss of a black hole... we still have a choice.
Half the work is already done.
This is where it ends.
Did you come here of your own volition, or was it fate?
Hasten — we've hardly any time left to say farewell.
Where are you going?
Existence is fleeting as the dawn's dew, destined for oblivion.
Again?
How familiar...
I weep for the departed...
Dusk's rain... it too shall fall.
All will eventually rest upon the earth...
I'll stay with you a little longer.
Don't worry, it's just a scrape.
Stream forth... the gleam of old blades.
Another blood debt repaid.
Seek, and you will find.
This is what exploring the cosmos is all about.
Life is a puzzle in and of itself.
Storm's on the horizon.
This haven of memories, every touch, every moment is like a thorned rose...
Another journey begins.
On the still waters of oblivion, I guide the wandering souls.
Don't forget to let your friends in on the action.
Perhaps there's more than one right answer.
"Acheron..." Merely a borrowed name. You know my nature, remember my deeds... Thus, I am Acheron.
Our journey begins anew. Life passes like a fleeting rain, eventually merging with the ground. May our next encounter be... under a clear sky.
Lone voyagers in the cosmos are driven by two desires: to tread in the trails of the past, and to forge their own way. But under THEIR scrutiny... most end up adhering to the former.
In the hazy memories of my distant hometown, there were often heavy thunderstorms. Fearing their makeup would be ruined by the rain, girls carried makeup with them wherever they went. I have no reason to do so anymore, but the habit still remains.
Dreams, in essence, are meaningless. Their purpose is painted by the backdrop of life. Yet, if that backdrop is "emptiness"... then dreams are reduced to colorless, hollow shells.
As the raindrops tumble from the crimson leaves, their pitter-patter on my umbrella whispers gently to me. In these moments... I find brief serenity.
If one carries a blade, it's bound to be used to cut something down. My reason for drawing my sword — past, present, or future — remains singular.
They embody life's delights and pleasures, but are equally fragile and short-lived... Such regret is inevitable, so let it be.
When I awoke from that place, the sea's horizon still held faint thunder, and the falling blood rain was easing — the sight of that moment lay strikingly clear before me.
When I awoke from that place, the sea's horizon still held faint thunder, and the falling blood rain was easing — the sight of that moment lay strikingly clear before me. All other memories, both prior and subsequent, paled and slowly ebbed away.
Curious about this blade? When unsheathed, every memory of having used it is unveiled... from Origin, to End... then Naught.
Black holes aren't spectacular, nor are they fierce. They're silent, like a lone, forlorn gaze watching over you and me... and then gently they consume everything, bestowing a frigid, silent embrace.
Seeking knowledge, craving revelation, striving to exist... humans traverse the path of fate.
Humans traverse the path of fate... seeking knowledge, craving revelation, striving to exist...
In her, I see the fireflies of the forest, dazzling and bewitching, yet shining only for a brief moment.
A lady of elegance and dignity, her benevolent offer lingers in my memory. That dance... it brought me a sense of warmth and nostalgia.
A shattered emptiness draped in the guise of desire... his existence is strikingly powerful, yet the self beneath is extraordinarily faint.
There are many types of people called "heroes," and he is among the most genuine... I have seen many such people come and go.
Wherever the fiery giant treads, scorched earth follows. Yet, it's those consumed by unending fire... who, after the flames vanish, quietly hold the ashes in their lonesome embrace.
Galaxy Ranger... His affiliation with the organization is merely a cover. It's evident that he lives only for himself, and that is exactly why I have faith in him.
Galaxy Ranger, Acheron... This is what they call me. You can call me whatever you want.
I'm not there. Turn back.
Open this door... Take a look at the mesmerizing dreamscape, while you can still remember.
This way.
After you.
(Why not?)
(Why not?)
These voices... They are just shadows of the dreamscape. Pay no heed to them.
We're almost there. Can you still walk?
You're funny. If you can crack jokes, you're probably fine.
Don't panic, this is normal.
Don't stop, don't turn back, don't look down. Or up, for that matter.
...We're here.
Leave this realm, and rise as you would on any other day. Forget this fortuitous encounter, and return whence you came.
But before you do, I would make a request of you.
You may think it somewhat strange, perhaps even rude, but I wish to know...
...Have we met somewhere before?
May I ask you a few more questions? I... tend to forget things — which is why, rather than memories, I'm accustomed to using my emotions to capture what I normally wouldn't otherwise. The answer is inconsequential. Your spontaneous reaction is what matters.
For instance, when you awaken in your room, your lips speak several names. Are they your companions? Family? Enemies? You seem to have forged unbreakable bonds with many people and many incidents...
Might I ask if you fear losing these bonds?
Mm... Then, if there was a vast dreamscape, so lifelike it's indistinguishable from reality. There, no one faces life's separations or deaths. Everyone attains their deserved happiness and lives joyfully ever after.
I would ask: Would you wish to stay?
Now... imagine if this splendid dream were fated to fall apart: friends, family, strangers, followed by the gentle breeze, soaring birds, the stars... and ultimately, yourself.
Everyone, and every face they remember, the joy and the heartaches, the vows sealed and those left hanging... all will inevitably march towards a predetermined ending. If you had grasped the journey's finale right from its inception...
I would ask: Would you still embark on this journey?
I know this is hard, you don't have to be hard-pressed to make a decision. As I have said... the answer is inconsequential.
Hearing, touch, thought — through these, you gain emotions — cherish them. With emotions, we make choices. And so we return to the original question...
I would ask... Do you still remember me?
...I understand.
How interesting. For a split second, it felt like countless versions of you, alike yet distinct, gave entirely different responses.
That was my final question, thank you. We all have our paths to walk, so we shall bid our farewells.
The golden dream is getting restless. In the coming long night, I'm afraid you will face many tribulations and witness many tragedies. And finally... your sight will only see black and white.
But please believe me that in that monochrome world, there will be a glimpse of fleeting red, and when you make a choice, it will reappear before you once more...
...
...
...Why haven't you left?
I said, why haven't you left?
This is my room.
Why do I have to?
...
...Have I come to the wrong room? This can't be. Before I said anything, I even made sure that I had the right room number...
Do I have the wrong wing... or even the wrong block? I'm sorry, this hotel is huge, and the hallways all look the same. It's easy to get lost in here...
I jest. Take it easy, this is indeed your room. I was just passing by...
I'm trying to find my own room too, and I heard a commotion here... so I came to take a look. Luckily your door was open, or it could've gotten dangerous. That man looked like he was up to no good.
I was just teasing, please forgive me. This is indeed your room. I saw that man snooping about while I was in the hallway, it didn't seem like he was searching for his own room, so it made me wary...
I later saw you walking into the same room, so I began to connect the dots. The situation got a bit tense... I hope you don't mind that I pulled this stunt.
Anyway, as long as you're all right. I should return to my room too.
But before I go, can I ask you a question? You may think it somewhat strange, perhaps even rude, but I wish to know...
...Have we met somewhere before?
...Is that so? I haven't been able to shake off this familiar feeling since just now... Maybe this is what they call déjà vu, hehe. Or it could purely be serendipity.
This may sound embarrassing, because I would sometimes forget stuff I really shouldn't have from past experiences... It's just a habit of mine, don't mind me.
...Yes, it was a dream. I had a dream on my way here, and I think you were in it... A blink of a thought in my head...
*smiles* You forget, that man mentioned it before he left. My memory's not very good, but it's not so bad that I can't remember details from just minutes ago.
Galaxy Ranger, Acheron... This is what they call me. You can call me whatever you want. We will likely meet again.
Lastly, a gentle reminder... There are people who possess unwavering resolution and faith, even unto death, and they do not wield such conviction for good. And on that man's face, I see such a similar expression.
One who wears a blade must use it to cut eventually. And when a gambler has nothing to lose on the table, he will surely go for broke and bet it all on a final hand... That is all I can say.
I thought you should know all this before making a choice. Goodbye.
...
Mmm...
Sorry, can you point me in the direction of the lobby? All these hallways really look the same to me...
How did it come to this...
I can feel the presence of something inexplicable next to you, but it's a shame that I can't communicate with him like you can.
We can both perceive these extraordinary things in the dream, probably due to our ability to react to memoria. But you're more attuned to it than I am.
I thought your heightened perception was caused by something the elegant Memokeeper might have left in your mind. Now, it seems to me there are many more special beings like her in this dream.
Shortly after we parted ways, I wandered into a ball without realizing it. A lady wearing a black veil invited me to dance. It was my first dance, and it was an unforgettable experience.
Shortly after we parted ways, I met a lady wearing a black veil who was also a guest at the hotel. We had a good time talking about the event over drinks.
Shortly after we parted ways, I felt someone's spying eyes on me. I looked in the mirror and spotted a lady wearing a black veil. We had a deep conversation, but I won't bore you with the details.
It's a shame that I forgot to ask her for her name. I only know that she's from the Garden of Recollection.
Exactly. They traverse freely between different worlds as memetic entities and are only visible to certain people. Doesn't she sound very much like that Clockie you saw?
After all, it is a grand event held by The Family. The guestlist could be a lot longer than we imagine.
Once again, thank you for being kind to me. I wish you a great time in the dream, and I shall not interrupt your... date?
Hehe.
About all the commotion just now... I heard a bunch of Masked Fools were causing a ruckus on the streets. I happened to be passing through, got stopped for questioning, and there were some... misunderstandings along the way. Anyway, I owe you another one.
It's my pleasure to meet you, beautiful lady.
By the way, what did you do to that man earlier? It was like someone took him on an emotional roller coaster.
I don't think it's that simple.
I don't think it's that simple.
...Clockie?
...
...It seems like I'm too old to qualify for that.
If Clockie really exists, that can explain a lot of things.
...
I'm sorry for what happened... I was too focused on that girl, and got sloppy...
But if in that moment, I chose to draw my blade...
...
Sorry, I... had no choice.
Yes... Yes, we will. But not yet. Before The Hunt, we should keep our eyes peeled and consider where the true enemies are hiding, and how to fight them...
I understand your anger, and I will accept it... but this isn't the time. We should keep our eyes peeled and consider where the true enemies are hiding, and how to fight them...
Once, someone said to me: "No compassion for the enemy, for that is cruelty upon yourself. But you must see clearly who the true enemy is..."
...And then, with one swing of your blade, you must understand its meaning and the price you pay.
This is the only advice I have for you, from someone burdened with a blood debt.
May death be the end of your boundless dream...
Guiding you back... to the waking world.
Are we... jumping down from here?
We landed safely. This is... amazing.
Are there... no staff members here at all?
Huh? What're you doing here?
Well, not really. I just don't know where I am.
Yes. She is the Memokeeper I mentioned.
I'm indebted to you both for your help.
Finally, some peace and quiet. What are the two of you doing here?
It's probably not as complicated as it sounds. It's all thanks to... a Masked Fool. Maybe I unwittingly hurt her... and then in a flash of kaleidoscopic light, I ended up here.
Penacony's rife with rumors now, about the Watchmaker, a legacy, nightmares and other mysterious tales. I was curious as to who was spreading them, and tested the method as described in the rumors... To think I actually ended up here...
Hiding? I don't think I'd be capable of that in front of a Memokeeper.
Is that so... You're good then. What sort of training did you have to undergo? Can you teach me?
That's not what I meant. It's just a... figure of speech.
Your arrival is timely — this Dreamscape is fraught with danger. Since our destination is the same, how about we join forces?
I can protect you from harm, but in the Memory Zone, I'll need assistance from the Memokeeper as well. And... if we run into The Family, it wouldn't hurt to have one more person to explain the situation.
Sorry. I couldn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat that?
Sorry. I couldn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat that?
Sorry. I couldn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat that?
Sorry. I couldn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat that?
Glad to be traveling with you again, Miss Black Swan.
This door... can't be opened?
We'll just have to take the way I came. Follow me.
This way... is blocked as well.
This room... Why is it upside down?
We're standing on the ceiling right now.
This door... is locked too?
...Watch out! A dangerous presence lurks nearby.
Miss Black Swan, do you not intend to open some sort of... teleporter?
...If we can start investigating on the way, that'd be good.
Sorry, but could you give me a few more minutes?
I... have some unfinished business.
They're still smoldering — the culprit can't have gotten far.
Careful, these traces are fresh. Our unsought guest isn't far away.
Something's off. These traces are fresh. Someone just left the scene... Would this person have anything to do with what happened just now?
Just listen to your gut — you were the one who said that... the Remembrance doesn't lie.
This is truly... a magnificent sight. It's this room, then?
Is that... Firefly?
She stares at the screens. Is she looking at herself in the mirror? ...What does she mean by "try again"?
She seems... very nervous.
She mentioned your name.
She has no idea that she'll become a victim...
The situation has changed, and it seems that companion... has deviated from the original plan.
Who forced her to go that way? And...
Based on these fragmented pieces of information, it seems Firefly's companion betrayed her halfway and trapped her alone in this room, disappearing without a trace... But why?
Do you mean... Firefly?
...
But it's dangerous around here. We'd better travel together.
...It worked. You really can walk up walls.
This is... a dead end.
We've arrived. There's an elevator here, just like in the lobby. We should be able to reach our destination with it.
...Let's go.
You've noticed it too. Like something is burning...
Everyone, over there—
They're still alive, as are you.
You still have room to make a choice. Leave the music box behind, and then go.
Fetora's fire demon... Even if you sacrifice your life for that Aeon, you won't get special treatment.
Your companions don't seem to think so. They fight for your chance at survival.
Why?
...
Even if the answer... turns out to be your own destruction?
...
...Alright. I accept.
A bottomless dream... Yes, that's right. But you've made one small mistake.
This blade remains in its scabbard not out of pity or scorn. It's a personal secret that I don't want to disclose, but perhaps out of reciprocity...
...I'll reveal the truth to you.
The Hunt... is not the path I truly follow.
May death be the end of your boundless dream...
...guiding you back to the waking world.
I've seen many clever disguises that can conceal appearances, but they can never cover up who a person really is. And you're no different.
Did Destiny's Slave make you do it?
I thought this is just the kind of thing that'd get written into your "script."
Not your enemy, perhaps.
I don't deserve your curiosity. Loners wandering the cosmos always have their secrets. Take me. I've also been wanted by the IPC, so it's little wonder I know something about the Stellaron Hunters... that's all.
Maybe I can help.
I tend to forget things — which is why, rather than memories, I'm accustomed to using my emotions to capture what I normally wouldn't otherwise. So...
...I know who is inside that cold armor.
How about it? Ready to take off that armor and sit down for a talk?
Already on it.
I know that... I just never expected to hear you say it.
"The so-called impossible is merely something that has yet to happen"...
...That's it. Before we split, can I ask you one more thing?
Is there anything else in your "script" about me? I'd like to know what kind of footnote "I" get to leave in that future foreseen by destiny?
...I knew it.
Don't what?
Is that so...
Then you're already living in the waking world.
I'd be embarrassed too, getting stared at like that.
Welt...
...First, don't you want to know my name?
...What are they saying about me?
The Annihilation Gang?
"Tragic fate"... That duke turned his dying body to flames and sacrificed his life as a martyr. He was a determined and heroic Pathstrider. Not even a villain should be disparaged like this.
And what's more, there were plenty of suspects invited. Do they really think... that a blade is more dangerous than that "black hole" you're wielding?
That shouldn't be necessary... but if it makes the Nameless feel less defensive, I'll be happy to abide.
Believe it or not, Galaxy Ranger, Acheron... those are the names I go by to this very day. My trip to Penacony is solely to fulfill an old "final request."
I'm here for the Watchmaker's Legacy... and that's it. I think I've been honest enough.
It's not that I don't want to. It's just that I can't... I've come so far, and I can't sum up all of that in just a few words.
Everyone has their own unspeakable past, secrets that they don't want to be revealed... and I won't be asking any more questions, such as why the Astral Express is roaming around the cosmos with a Stellaron on board.
I've run around many different Penacony dreamscapes just to try and find that "Legacy," and during this period I came into contact with quite a few guests. In the process, I gradually came to realize...
The secret of Penacony... may be closely related to the Trailblaze.
That's why I've come to ask for your help. I don't have enough proof yet, but I'd like to speculate something: the source of all tragedy lies within The Family. If you could trust me... we could find the proof to support this claim, together.
Mr. Yang, I think you've come to the same conclusion, haven't you?
Mhmm.
...By the way, would you like something to drink? Before we go, how about two cups of Wake the Heck Up...? No, four cups.
Because the conversation coming up... will last forever.
"Really? But I don't taste... any difference at all between them."
The Family itself is a huge, perfect building. Like... A living idol.
Each member of The Family sees themselves as a piece of the divine puzzle, revolving around a singular {RUBY_B#Aeon}core{RUBY_E#} and {RUBY_B#The Harmony}a shared ideal{RUBY_E#}. Under THEIR command, they loyally fulfill their roles, offering themselves while also receiving sustenance in return.
But the human body has its limits, and so does the divine's.
Just pointing out the facts. Mr. Yang will definitely have a better sense of what's going on than I do.
The Beautiful Dream is crumbling, but not because of a particular Aeon, a particular faction, or a particular visitor. Its collapse stems from a certain inevitability of human nature. The Family refuses to acknowledge this, and it has ultimately backfired and become a catalyst...
As people immerse their souls in the Dreamscape, where consequences and pain cease to exist, and only ease and pleasure prevail, they draw closer and closer to necrosis. Regardless of the perceived bliss, death looms as the inevitable conclusion.
Also, this necrosis will diffuse and spread. One piece of the puzzle's mutation will eventually cause the entire building to shake, break... and crumble.
Of course... That's if I remember.
Don't mind me. It's just a habit. Owing to events in the past, I've become easily... forgetful. It's only when this sword is unsheathed that those hazy memories start to become clearer.
That should do it. I vividly remember everything that occurred on Penacony. Ask away.
Behind the Dreamscape's song and dance, stand many "imagination" factories. Workers create all kinds of whimsical works day in and day out in their dreams, then they return to reality and sleep on a narrow bed in a room — a far cry from luxury.
They say it will suffice. Experiencing the bizarre and motley Dreamscape is the best reward.
There, I encountered a young woman who had just come of age, the perfect time to indulge in beautiful dreams. Her greatest wish was to one day move to the Golden Hour and see the magnificent garments that she had woven with her own hands.
For certain reasons, her wish was difficult to fulfill. But I managed to bring her a garment.
Yes... It is a fortress-like financial city, the economic heart of the Dreamscape. The Pepeshi people of the Alfalfa Family are there to keep it running, sending blood that is made from money everywhere on Penacony.
Everyone there is exquisitely dressed and always in a hurry. The greatest wish of the local Pepeshi people is for their future generations to work in the Gilded Hour.
I've never met anyone who was willing to talk. I could only stand at the crossroads, watching crowds of people hurrying like the wind through the jungle of steel, only to deposit the Alfalfa credits that they'd earned into the bank's vault.
I don't know if they would open the vault door, but before I left, I witnessed a well-dressed Pepeshi person plummet from the sky while those around him continued on their way, unfazed.
Perhaps Mr. Yang has heard — there is a large boat called the "Eventide" anchored along the Sea of Dreams, where soft music and dancing persist endlessly every night.
I ran into a wizened lady there. She was at the dock waiting for her long-departed lover to return, waiting for countless hours within time that stood still.
In the humid sea breeze, she spoke of her own youth — like many who desired wealth and love, they came to Penacony to pursue their dreams. Alas, her lover's consciousness was lost in the dark depths of the Sea of Dreams.
Finally, she suggested we continue our conversation on a boat in the shallows. I agreed, and boarded the boat with her, but she never said anything, her eyes absent-mindedly gazing at the horizon for what seemed like forever.
Finally, we retreated to the beach.
Then you all must have seen those who are attempting to realize their dreams, or have realized them, scattering money as if it were dust, and betting it on all or nothing. Everything has a price, and everything can be bought or sold — even dreams themselves.
I saw an Intellitron there who was preparing to auction himself. When someone wins a bid, under stipulated periods and rules, he would do the buyer's every bidding, becoming that person's very possession.
That Intellitron had been auctioned off a dozen times, and I participated in his thirteenth. That was the grandest banquet I had ever attended, but never again did anyone cast another glance at him.
This time around, there were no successful bids for him.
This is what I've seen and heard along the way...
Someone once said to me: Penacony wasn't like this a long time ago, nor should it be.
I've traveled through the reality and Dreamscape of the Planet of Festivities, watched the tides of night rise and fall, when time stopped for people. Where the spirits of the rich and impoverished... remain forever fixed on their own scales.
This is why I think the collapse of the Beautiful Dream is inevitable.
Perhaps. But if this is indeed the world that people desire — if this is precisely why life chooses to slumber — should we still seek to change it?
And yet, you stand here right now, which also means... that man failed.
...A fitting metaphor for the Nameless' Trailblazing spirit.
Thank you, Mr. Yang. I know what you wish to confirm. The universe has innumerable similar, yet different worlds. In these worlds, there are innumerable people who look alike, yet don't.
I, too have embarked on journeys, encountering "old friends" with familiar faces on different worlds, witnessing their destinies follow paths similar to mine. So, I will tell you...
Even if not completely similar, this story you just told... It overlaps with my past. And within that abyssal dream...
...I ended that man's life, alone.
I am not who you think I am, nor will my home be as fortunate as your world.
It's fine. I don't mind, so long as I can alleviate your suspicions.
...Mr. Yang, before answering that question, I wish to continue the previous topic.
I like your analogy very much. Indeed, birds are born to fly, but in a distant past, their ancestors could only gaze at the sky in envy.
They saw that faraway ray of light from above the heavens, piercing through the clouds and blanketing the earth. And so, time and time again, generation after generation, the birds spread their wings and took to the sky, attempting to touch its ceiling — all because the sun was there.
Then, what if the last bird finally soars into the sky, only to realize that the end of the light is not the sun, but {RUBY_B#All-Consuming Black Hole}darkness{RUBY_E#}...
Then why exactly... do we even walk towards the light?
...Are your companions worried about you?
It's been a smooth ride... almost too smooth for a heavily guarded mansion.
Just one moment.
{RUBY_B#Bated Breath}"White"{RUBY_E#}... I've made myself less noticeable. The Crew can explain their presence as authorized by The Family, but I can't come up with any excuses for being here.
Can you identify the people who left these footprints?
Aventurine... What about the other set?
While there aren't any people in this mansion... they've set up quite a few memetic guards to patrol this place.
A... note? Looks like instructions from the butler for the other servants.
But no matter what their main priorities are, there should always be someone left at the mansion, right?
Yeah, but I don't know why.
Since no one's around to entertain us, let's make ourselves at home. Stay close to me so that my "White" can cover you, too.
Robin believed it was because the Harmony had been tampered with somehow, but as far as I know, there aren't many entities capable of interfering with the power of Paths.
If there really is a traitor within The Family... that person must hold a high position or possess unimaginable strength.
The information about Robin, Firefly... and the other victims... I don't see any commonalities among them.
He's just surprised that it has resurfaced.
Mr. Sunday has done some serious research on his suspects... This traitor must have been causing trouble for The Family for a long time.
Huh? Wait, these characteristics...
No, nothing... Maybe I'm just overthinking things... However, if this traitor really exists, could they be responsible for Firefly and Robin's deaths?
This Light Cone... is securely guarded. It must hold some important memories.
I wonder how their relationship is now.
Yeah, time has a way of smoothing things out. The beautiful dreams of youth... will eventually fade away.
They don't seem to care much about "Death"... Instead, they're more concerned about the Charmony Festival and the Watchmaker.
That's all for now... Nothing more noteworthy.
...Watch out. Someone's approaching.
Rest assured... He hasn't figured out that we went through those documents.
The model in the sandpit... it's the Golden Hour, isn't it?
Hello. None of you seem surprised by my arrival.
I envy your close friendships.
I will accompany you, of course.
...Mr. Yang.
Why did you not tell your companions about my true identity?
Thank you, I'm grateful.
To reciprocate, in the upcoming confrontation, if the odds aren't in the Astral Express' favor... I will stand with you.
...If my meager strength is required.
Your bluff isn't fooling anyone. If you could really do that, you would have done so earlier.
...You won't do it.
...
Mhmm.
Perhaps... I might pass through the place you mentioned.
I'm not looking for anything.
They aren't in a dream.
Why?
Even if... that's not what I want?
There are always those who rise from the shadows.
In your eyes, am I the same?
...
...That is enough.
Before they vanish completely...
I will reach {RUBY_B#Device IX}the Nihility's end{RUBY_E#}.
Perhaps to you, I am just an Emanator who's hiding her identity, but...
{RUBY_B#Nihility IX}The sleeping and shapeless{RUBY_E#} never glance at anyone. THEY have no face, no form, and even less of a will to speak... The Nihility envelops everyone equally.
Only some who have gone under THEIR shadow can go farther, tainting themselves with more Nihility... That's all.
This is all but a fleeting dream, one of the thousands of manifestations of IX... Under the watchful eye of Nihility, we momentarily linger here, before moving on to our own paths.
Even if you wish for it... I can't promise you anything.
Now that you've accomplished your goal, I think you can be a little more forthcoming.
Your performance at the theme park was wonderful and grandiose... A simple yet practical technique that fooled almost everyone.
No one would have ever thought that you would have gone to such lengths, even staking your life, just to prove a fact that had seemingly been disproved long ago...
"'Real death' does not exist in Penacony's Dreamscape."
Because this is the only way you can uncover a secret that is even more unspeakable than the serial murders...
To use this "dream death" to get there, to that promised land people constantly seek in this grand gathering...
Penacony — the Legacy of the Watchmaker, the true land of exile.
I never imagined that something I learned about unexpectedly would become the key to connecting everything.
I see you're in the know.
Unless someone goes to the other side of the barrier...
...And lives to tell the tale.
"Hint" ...is that not "proof"?
You don't sound very confident to me. Going out of your way to make citywide broadcasts in an attempt to involve more people... You are simply betting on the possibility of someone being able to "break down the barrier."
You're very lucky that fate has decided to let us cross paths. I happen to be equipped with a very sharp blade — sharp enough to slice through the veil of dreams. I can also carve the Harmony's brand off of you...
You possess great cunning. Deliberately setting us up to be on opposing sides, constantly repeating the words of the Emanator in front of others, leaving me no choice but to draw my blade against you.
And that's how you win. Opportunity and strategy, both are essential.
And in your plans, the IPC always wins. Even if you lose the bet... To The Family, the life of an ambassador is still invaluable.
It is pointless to discuss "what-ifs." You have won. Your prize is an entry ticket into that deep sea.
And after this, whether you can return from the abyss... is another gamble of yours.
...Have you never wavered?
...Wake up from this dream and go to where you should be. Your gamble... is not over yet.
I don't think this, and never have. Nor do you.
And because of that, it's pointless.
...My answer might not be able to resolve your confusion, because it has been with you throughout your journey, and is already a part of your life.
But you said, "Sleep is the rehearsal of death," so why does life slumber? Because we are not ready for the final rest.
So you can definitely understand, why we want to be prepared.
Even if the ending has been predetermined, that's fine. There are countless things that humans cannot change.
But before the end, there are many things that humans can do while on their journey.
And because of this, the "end" will thus reveal a completely different meaning.
Take a good look at your pocket. Your friend has already given you the answer.
...Good luck.
It's a pity this is not the place you were expecting.
...I don't intend to do anything.
A single slash of a blade... isn't really accurate. It was actually two blades, just that the second one was faster.
Speaking of living in the shadows, there's probably not much difference between us. It's only polite to reveal your true self, at least when speaking to others...
Penacony's Dreammaster.
Is this the "unity" that The Family espouses?
From the sound of it, it seems like you're asking me to leave Penacony.
If you think you can.
Hmm... I ended it with a period. It was a statement, not a threat.
Knowing who I am and still showing such malice, you're not the first, nor will you be the last. This scene played out many times before — and usually, when faced with my questions, most people retort "Why can't I?"
The result has invariably been that they "can't".
And you will die. I mean... all of you will.
...
...But that won't come to pass. I'll do as you ask. I'll leave.
I wasn't aware there was a choice.
Take it from someone on the other side of your so-called river: You know better than I do that Penacony has already deviated from the Harmony. Whatever your intentions may be... I foresee only one outcome.
Its future holds nothing but Nihility, just like all the worlds that have drowned in {RUBY_B#IX, the Nihility}THEIR{RUBY_E#} shadow.
Greetings. I'm Acheron.
I apologize, but she did that at my request. Due to certain... reasons, I have been exiled by The Family. Thankfully, this Memokeeper came to my aid and helped me escape their surveillance unnoticed.
I asked her to guide me to a place beyond The Family's reach and to contact a few trustworthy individuals, namely all of you.
It doesn't have to be like that. I'm willing to answer all your questions, but not right now... If my cover hadn't been blown, we might have had more time, but at the moment, we don't have any other options.
This is the only way I can ensure everyone's safety...
I kindly request an immediate warp jump out of the Asdana star system.
I've briefly traveled with your companions and know their whereabouts, Dan Heng. Please rest assured, your Nameless companions are safe, but they need our help.
As for Boothill, as you may have guessed... I've been waiting for you. Galaxy Rangers are known for their elusive nature and limited contact with each other, so this is the only way I could "reach out" to you.
Only by doing this can I find a true Galaxy Ranger and fulfill a long-standing promise...
...To return "his" relics to their rightful owner.
Someone once told me... that every rainfall is like a gift from the heavens, a sign of their mercy upon the world.
Raindrops are said to be the tears of the Gods, shed in response to the sorrows of the world. Their constant pouring is a reminder that the Gods haven't abandoned us yet.
So...
How long has this rain been going on for?
Like... those shadows on the ocean.
Are you watching over them?
But you know, these Sin Thirsters... They are not who they used to be.
...
I can help you.
For the meaning of the Nihility... that's what I've been seeking.
Before we part ways, I have one more question...
It is true that their actions and even their entire lives may seem pointless from our perspective, but if, and it's just an "if"...
If this is what the departed ones expected, should we try to change it?
I was just following the scent of life. It's particularly strong in a place like this.
It's a shame these berries don't have much flavor.
...
I can still taste certain things... like a faint sweetness.
Before coming here, I stopped by a place called Orkron. It had barren cliffs and nights lit by bonfires. Burgundy snow would fall from the sky, and when it landed on my tongue... it tasted like raspberries.
The flavor wasn't exactly sweet, but it left a lasting impression. When I think back on my past, I realize that what's tying everything together... isn't the big events, but rather these small yet unforgettable moments.
Don't worry about it. Losing oneself is a reality that every Self-Annihilator must face. At least, I haven't completely lost my senses and memories yet.
No, I had a companion in Orkron. She's a short Nameless girl who aspired to explore IX... She always said she'd walk a path "deeper and farther than Akivili's."
She... became stagnant water.
Condolences? I don't need them. The girl left with a smile. She never regretted her choice and most definitely wanted me to say goodbye with a smile... So that's what I did.
Or perhaps I'm just afraid?
I'm afraid I'll forget the thirty days I spent with her, just like all the other days in my life. Most of them have already washed away with the rain, disappearing into an unseen realm.
I fear that those vivid red memories will fade away too. There isn't much color left, and besides this faint, warm red, there's almost nothing.
Because I have experienced this warmth many times. Long ago, I promised someone that I'd bring it to more people, and that for every remaining moment of my life, I'd strive for... a better ending for all.
As long as this red color still lingers, I have a chance to fulfill that promise. It represents a burning fire, a blooming flower, the berries in this cave... and life itself, fleeting yet still dazzling.
In the end, it will lead me beyond the Horizon of Existence, and on the other side, I will... cut off Nihility.
When will this rain... ever stop?
Because of the Nihility, I'm rarely affected by the power of other Paths, but somehow I can unconsciously infiltrate them... Maybe that's the "risk" they're trying to avoid.
No, they don't... if they truly serve the Harmony, that is.
The Path in Penacony is impure. The Harmony here has impurities.
...Xipe the Harmony. Legend has it that THEY participated in the crusade against the Imperator Insectorum and devoured Ena the Order for unknown reasons.
I can't say for sure, but they're definitely planning something for the Charmony Festival.
The Charmony Festival will start soon. There's one thing that... I need to confirm no matter what. A warp jump is the best way to do so.
Not another one...
Thank you so much, Black Swan.
I understand you must be confused, and we'll do our best to shed light on the situation. However, before that, it's essential to know that...
This place is the rift between dream and reality. A place reserved only for those who have awakened from Ena's dream.
Unfortunately, it didn't stop there. From the early days of our journey into Asdana, we were already affected by the Stellaron. That strange Dreamscape where we met... Maybe it was a sign that your thoughts were beginning to drift away.
I don't think... the goal of the Order was to put everyone into a deep sleep. Quite the contrary — they used the Stellaron to catalyze the leakage of Asdana's memoria into the material world, allowing the Dreamscape to blend with reality.
...And that included a lot of memoria from the Beyond the Sky Choir. As time came and went, the dreams eventually became indistinguishable from reality, and reality became an illusion. People think they are awake, but their spirits have long since stepped into the temple of Order.
Fortunately, while the Path of the Order governs all things, it can't affect the Nihility. I came to realize this when the Dreammaster tried to expel me at any cost.
For mortals, even if they possess the great power of a Path, they can't create a flawless world like Gods do.
That's why there was a flaw in your dream. In other words, once you have realized the world is not real, you'll have a chance to break free from the dream.
Now Sunday has usurped the power of the {RUBY_B#Shared Wish's Harmonious Embodiment}Harmonious Choir{RUBY_E#} through the Charmony Festival. Asdana has thus fallen into Ena's Dream, transforming everyone equally into the {RUBY_B#puppets}notes{RUBY_E#} of the Aeon.
Failure doesn't mean weakness. Only the strong can gather the will to resist the Order and try to break free.
We still have a chance, though. To make it happen... please, Black Swan, guide us to those with a strong will.
Let me introduce you to Robin. She woke up from Ena's Dream by her own will, and it's this tough lady who led us here with her song.
Indeed. I'm afraid it's almost as difficult as resurrecting an Aeon...
This is the first step of our plan. With the assistance from the Garden of Recollection, those who possess a strong will, like you, will gradually awaken from the dream. These free wills are the "discord" that will sway Ena's Dream.
If breaking through from the inside proves challenging, we can seek assistance from the outside. We've long been aware of a potential solution.
Asdana is a galaxy known for its abundant memoria and the remarkable phenomenon known as Synesthesia Dreamscape. When people first enter this place, they often find themselves and others sharing a collective dream...
At this very moment, there is only one dream encompassing the entire Asdana system.
It's the relic I returned to you.
I agree with you, Black Swan. That's why the most critical aspect of this plan is not to convince everyone to choose the right path...
...But to inspire them to save themselves.
The Harmonious Choir possesses the power of an Emanator. To overcome it, you'll need the same level of power. The final step in destroying the sweet dream... will be my responsibility.
This grand festival is drawing to its close. This is the starting point for the ultimate stage of our journey... just as it marked the beginning of all the stories in Penacony.
I have faith in you. However, before we depart, there is one more thing I must tell you.
Indeed, she was the first to discover the world beyond the shores of "death" and shared this truth with all of us.
Only by reflecting on our steps can we remember the path we should be walking on... and the companions who have walked alongside us.
There's something you should know. We were able to locate you within this boundless dream and find the key to breaking free from the dream, all because of one person's unwavering dedication...
Firefly. She awakened from the dream ahead of others, discovered the Express amidst the stars, and brought us valuable information about the remnants of the Order. She may have been aided by the script, and it came at a cost...
As you know, Firefly is a stowaway who entered the Dreamscape in a different way from ours. Without the dreampool in the hotel or assistance from The Family, she can only awaken from this dream in one way... a real "death".
We mustn't fail her determination. I'm not implying that we must win this fight no matter what, but our resolve should match that of the courageous lady.
...Are you ready?
Very well. Now, please close your eyes...
That's alright. Take your time to contemplate this moment. Once you feel ready, let's step onto the final stage.
...Are you ready?
Very well. Now, please close your eyes...
That's alright. Take your time to contemplate this moment. Once you feel ready, let's step onto the final stage.
If I remember correctly, it has lasted for decades, or even centuries.
The unwavering determination of The Hunt followers persists even in death, but thankfully... we've guided those lost souls to their lives beyond. They were heroes in their time, and they won't be reduced to puppets of the Nihility in their death.
You see, the shadows on the sea have vanished. Do you remember? You once said that the sky would clear when the regrets of the departed had faded away.
...I know.
Because someone's regrets haven't been fulfilled, perhaps.
Mortals who walk the Paths are like sailors on a vast ocean, leaving behind a trail that creates countless ripples of possibilities. These ripples last longer than the fleeting lifetimes of humans.
And for some, their presence leaves such a strong mark that it's reflected in the waves.
Sin Thirsters... the obsessions of the Pathstriders. They emerge from the depths of IX, seeing themselves as masters of their own destiny, unknowingly repeating the actions of their past lives.
They emerge from the Nihility and head toward it, leading purposeless lives. However, these hollow phantoms...
They have journeyed with me for such a long time.
...Yes.
This is my duty... as {RUBY_B#watcher of the Acheron river}Acheron the Watcher{RUBY_E#}.
I'm guarding the path to the abyss of the Nihility, guiding every soul reluctant to become one with it... back to this side.
I don't know, but someone once told me that when the inevitable moment came, he hoped that...
Someone would stand at his grave and place a bouquet of flowers.
Some tasks have to be done, even if they are pointless. I have... experienced that much already.
Please extend your hand, and then close your eyes.
I'll carry your wish with me and fulfill it. Only then will I be able to put an end to the final regret by the Dead Sea.
Yes — that is certain.
Because it was you who told me about the Express, your two former companions, the expedition cut short by the Swarm, your narrow escape from death, and your encounter with the Galaxy Rangers...
And Penacony, the hometown to which you could never return.
Take my hand and come with me. We... will leave this place.
You'll embark on a long, long journey, shrouded in darkness. But fear not, as a touch of red will be awaiting you at the end of the path.
That's the color of "existence." Follow it, and it'll guide you and illuminate the way out. By doing so, you'll eventually reunite in the warmth of the sunlight.
May death be the end of your boundless dream...
...guiding you back to the waking world.
Welcome to Horizon of Existence...
This place is one of the thousands of manifestations belonging to {RUBY_B#IX, the Nihility}the sleeping and shapeless{RUBY_E#}, and it's also an exit out of the Nihility for the awake ones.
Let's bid our final farewells here.
Why does life slumber...? We don't know the answer yet, but we're about to awaken from this dream.
Or perhaps, such is the answer itself.
Leave this place, return to where you belong, and... awaken Penacony from this dream.
As I said, our plan is not about convincing everyone to choose the right path, but about inspiring them to save themselves. So, when will people actively save themselves?
The answer is... when they are in desperate situations.
Like a drowning individual in the deep sea, when one's body and mind bear immense pressure, agony, confusion, and despair will follow. I firmly believe that...
The fragility of humankind often freezes them in their tracks, but in truly desperate situations they will strive to save themselves. And now... Penacony has enough heroes to lead them forward.
It's through this inherent self-centered instinct that people exert their utmost effort, even when they know their struggle is fruitless. As absurd as it may seem, it's their resistance.
In this way, you will reunite in the warmth of the sunlight.
The rain... is intensifying. Before we part ways, please allow me to ask a few final questions.
So far, you have forged unbreakable bonds with numerous individuals and entities in the sweet dream.
Might I ask if you fear severing these bonds with your own hands?
If there is a vast, lifelike dreamland that is virtually indistinguishable from reality... a realm without death, where everyone can attain the happiness and fulfillment they deserve, living blissfully ever after.
I would ask — Would you wish to stay?
Imagine if this splendid dream were fated to fall apart: friends, family, strangers... followed by the gentle breeze, soaring birds, the stars... and ultimately, yourself.
Everyone, and every face they remember, the joy and the heartaches, the vows sealed and those left hanging... all will inevitably march towards a predetermined ending. If you had grasped the journey's finale right from its inception...
I would ask — Would you still embark on this journey?
I'm glad. The answer itself doesn't matter. What matters is that you've made a decision.
Listen, touch, and ponder, and therein lies the sensation. Cherish it, because that's what makes us exist. Such is the only answer humans can offer when facing the Nihility.
If the Nihility represents the primal fear of life, rendering any lofty convictions insignificant under THEIR imposing shadow...
Then behind this shadow, there must exist the most fervent source of light in the world.
Just as every life that edges closer to death fervently approaches the end of the Nihility...
We must pursue that primordial light.
Nevertheless, someone has to do it. As for the meaning you mentioned...
Even if it's a meaningless task, I've come this far, haven't I?
It may not belong to me, but it definitely belongs to someone.
...
...
For me, some things are difficult to recall, yet there are others... that I find challenging to forget.
Such is "memory", a creation of the past that blossoms into significance in the distant future.
I remember that marks the start of my journey, the origin of the vibrant red hue in my life, and the most fervent element amidst every tempest...
That's my name...
Raiden Bosenmori Mei.
They're the ones who accept Ena's Dream and indulge in their happy illusions...
We have no means to wake them up now. Not even your clockwork will do the trick.
However, there are still other things we can do. Let's keep going.
Not another one...
...Come with me.
These questions... have no meaning. But, I will answer you as best as I can: This is the border between reality and the Memory Zone, a... dreamscape.
Right this moment, you and I have coincidentally shared the same dreamscape, and appeared in each other's minds. This is the Land of Dreams's inaugural welcome for us.
Worry not, for very quickly, you will awaken from this dream, forget everything that has transpired, with naught but a faint lingering of loss.
Pay no mind, for this forgetfulness happens with each new dawn. It is an occurrence that we have become accustomed to for so long.
...So, come with me. I'll take you home.
Left, to the end of the corridor. I will wait there for you.
Hi {NICKNAME}, the name's Serval Landau, I'm a Belobog mechanic. Of course, that's really just what I do on the side — rock 'n' roll is my main occupation.
Huh? You start work this early?
Signing off now! Time to get some songwriting going~
If we Landaus have one thing in common, it's that we're all stubborn in our own way.
If you wanna make sure you don't burn yourself out or stifle your creativity, then don't push yourself too hard at work~
Pela's got a lot on her plate — plus she also does volunteer work on the weekends sometimes. That's why we usually schedule Mechanical Fever's rehearsals at night.
Since I do rock 'n' roll full-time, I'd say my hobby is... work? What's wrong with that?
I always get people asking me how my workshop makes money when it's not trading. Use your brain! It doesn't!
Mechanics, research, and music are all things I'm pretty good at, wouldn't you say? But I guess making money's not on the list...
When Bronya becomes the supreme guardian, do you reckon she'll let me perform at Golden Theater? I'll re-arrange that "Supreme Guardian" stage show and make it a rock 'n' roll musical!
If he paid more attention to his affairs, it'd save me a lot of headaches... I guess I do create a few headaches for him too... Maybe we're even.
She's a flower-growing drummer and a great report writer. Name a more reliable girl. I'll wait.
Bronya's a good kid — you can tell she learned a lot from Cocolia. *sigh* It's been a while since we saw each other. I miss her.
The Cocolia I knew would sit on the roof and listen to my songs, but... not the supreme guardian.
Hah, that guy. One of these days he's gonna get busted by my brother.
Lynxy? ...She's more like me. Ah, don't tell my brother that, he hates hearing it.
Time for the main event.
Here to crash the party?
Pretty good crowd today.
The audience is waiting!
Let's rock!
Keep up with my tempo!
That's it?
Not bad.
Ready to lose yourself?
Fight it or rock with it... my music conquers all!
The show... must go on...
Time for an encore~
Ah~ Ready to jam~
Can't stop the rock!
The best is yet to come!
Wow, good stuff.
Never expected to find this here!
I'm getting the hang of this.
Huh, these targets will make for good practice~
There's inspiration in every glance and every breeze.
This song's just for you~
Turn up the volume!
Wow!
Wish I had time to examine it's inner workings!
Hi {NICKNAME}, the name's Serval Landau, I'm a Belobog mechanic. Of course, that's really just what I do on the side — rock 'n' roll is my main occupation.
Huh? You start work this early?
Signing off now! Time to get some songwriting going~
If we Landaus have one thing in common, it's that we're all stubborn in our own way.
If you wanna make sure you don't burn yourself out or stifle your creativity, then don't push yourself too hard at work~
Pela's got a lot on her plate — plus she also does volunteer work on the weekends sometimes. That's why we usually schedule Mechanical Fever's rehearsals at night.
Since I do rock 'n' roll full-time, I'd say my hobby is... work? What's wrong with that?
I always get people asking me how my workshop makes money when it's not trading. Use your brain! It doesn't!
Mechanics, research, and music are all things I'm pretty good at, wouldn't you say? But I guess making money's not on the list...
When Bronya becomes the supreme guardian, do you reckon she'll let me perform at Golden Theater? I'll re-arrange that "Supreme Guardian" stage show and make it a rock 'n' roll musical!
If he paid more attention to his affairs, it'd save me a lot of headaches... I guess I do create a few headaches for him too... Maybe we're even.
She's a flower-growing drummer and a great report writer. Name a more reliable girl. I'll wait.
Bronya's a good kid — you can tell she learned a lot from Cocolia. *sigh* It's been a while since we saw each other. I miss her.
The Cocolia I knew would sit on the roof and listen to my songs, but... not the supreme guardian.
Hah, that guy. One of these days he's gonna get busted by my brother.
Lynxy? ...She's more like me. Ah, don't tell my brother that, he hates hearing it.
Time for the main event.
Here to crash the party?
Pretty good crowd today.
The audience is waiting!
Let's rock!
Keep up with my tempo!
That's it?
Not bad.
Ready to lose yourself?
Fight it or rock with it... my music conquers all!
The show... must go on...
Time for an encore~
Ah~ Ready to jam~
Can't stop the rock!
The best is yet to come!
Wow, good stuff.
Never expected to find this here!
I'm getting the hang of this.
Huh, these targets will make for good practice~
There's inspiration in every glance and every breeze.
This song's just for you~
Turn up the volume!
Wow!
Wish I had time to examine it's inner workings!
Hi {NICKNAME}, the name's Serval Landau, I'm a Belobog mechanic. Of course, that's really just what I do on the side — rock 'n' roll is my main occupation.
Huh? You start work this early?
Signing off now! Time to get some songwriting going~
If we Landaus have one thing in common, it's that we're all stubborn in our own way.
If you wanna make sure you don't burn yourself out or stifle your creativity, then don't push yourself too hard at work~
Pela's got a lot on her plate — plus she also does volunteer work on the weekends sometimes. That's why we usually schedule Mechanical Fever's rehearsals at night.
Since I do rock 'n' roll full-time, I'd say my hobby is... work? What's wrong with that?
I always get people asking me how my workshop makes money when it's not trading. Use your brain! It doesn't!
Mechanics, research, and music are all things I'm pretty good at, wouldn't you say? But I guess making money's not on the list...
When Bronya becomes the supreme guardian, do you reckon she'll let me perform at Golden Theater? I'll re-arrange that "Supreme Guardian" stage show and make it a rock 'n' roll musical!
If he paid more attention to his affairs, it'd save me a lot of headaches... I guess I do create a few headaches for him too... Maybe we're even.
She's a flower-growing drummer and a great report writer. Name a more reliable girl. I'll wait.
Bronya's a good kid — you can tell she learned a lot from Cocolia. *sigh* It's been a while since we saw each other. I miss her.
The Cocolia I knew would sit on the roof and listen to my songs, but... not the supreme guardian.
Hah, that guy. One of these days he's gonna get busted by my brother.
Lynxy? ...She's more like me. Ah, don't tell my brother that, he hates hearing it.
If you got any broken equipment lying around you can always come find me, though I can't guarantee I'll be interested in fixing it.
Curious? About the heater? It's just a standard Geomarrow radiator — you can find them anywhere in the Administrative District.
...Only just got here?
Huh? What's wrong with that? Everyone around here knows the way I work...
Ah! I've figured it out! I heard a loudmouthed guard say that a group of outsiders had met with Cocolia... You must be them?
What an honor! Where are my manners — we can talk about heaters all day if you like. Let's have a chat~
The heater you saw is just a standard Geomarrow radiator. They may not look like much, but they're a real lifeline to the people.
The blizzards here are brutal. If we didn't have a reliable way of keeping warm, Belobog would long since have become a dead city — both above and below the surface.
It's an ore — a special energy resource. Whether it's keeping the city warm or keeping our counters ticking, everything runs on Geomarrow.
Geomarrow grows beneath the surface of the planet, and specialist Underworld mining teams are there to extract it. Transport lines shuttle it up to the surface. In the Overworld, we use the same lines to ship surface goods and aid down to the Underworld.
You didn't know? Belobog is structured like two big connected discs. The Overworld is responsible for administration and trade, while the Underworld is responsible for energy supply and resource extraction.
However, due to an order that was given many years ago, nobody has moved between the Overworld and the Underworld in a long time.
...Ah! I shouldn't be talking about this. Pretend I never said anything.
Isn't it just like cooking food over an open flame? If the house is a pot, then the heater is the stove it rests on.
No sweat. This is your first time in Belobog — I just want you to feel some of the warmth the city has to offer.
Hey, seeing as there's nothing on your plate just now, wanna help me fix up this machine? Just a bit of manual labor — you might find it interesting.
Great! Then let me give you a demonstration first.
Nice! You guys are pretty handy — you picked that up in no time. Wanna be my assistants? Average pay, but I'm a good boss.
Hahaha, I was only kidding — just a joke.
Well, I'd better carry on here, why not have a better look around? My workshop will always be open to you... and your wallets, of course.
Who is it? Shop's closed today, you'll have to come back tomorrow!
Hah...?
Ha, not interested — I need time, not money!
What...?
Ah, I remember! The three outsiders! Wait — why are you still strolling around the city? Do you know the Silvermane Guards are looking all over for you?
Quick, act natural and get inside. Don't get spotted!
Alright, you'll be safe here. My workshop has pretty good soundproofing, and barely anyone comes in.
Just what crime did you commit exactly? They recalled a bunch of Guards from the front line to track you down — it's unprecedented. Now they're patrolling the whole city and everyone's in a panic.
You mean to say that you don't trust me completely?
Good! That's smart of you. But you needn't worry, Cocolia and I aren't even on speaking terms. It was her that ejected me from the Architects — I refuse to stand with her.
I don't believe you guys would do anything bad, and the Architects are gonna need conclusive and publicly available evidence for me to think otherwise. Besides, I know the Architects, and if they did have any evidence, they would've released it by now.
I know Cocolia's style — get everyone into a frenzy first.
...Most people in a frenzy don't stop to ponder the details.
Hehe, you could say that... We were like sisters once — inseparable. Of course, that was all before she became the supreme guardian...
Me? None. What Cocolia and the Architects get up to has nothing to do with me. My time is too precious for pondering.
Dislike? We were like sisters once — inseparable. Of course, that was all before she became the supreme guardian...
These days I just spend my time fixing things in this workshop and playing music. It's a pretty carefree existence.
*sigh* If I'm not careful I'll start boring you all with sob stories from the past. Let's get back to you guys. If long-lost Bronya told you to come here, you must have something important to tell me?
You can trust me. I know our paths have only crossed once before, but my intuition tells me you guys are good people. And I've got good intuition by the way, haha.
So that's what's been happening — no wonder we hadn't heard from Bronya recently. *sigh* After all these years in isolation and without a single word from below, this is what's become of the Underworld...
I believe you, there's no way you could have invented all those twists and turns. What's more, we have Miss Seele here as living proof. As for the Stellaron... heh, I know why Bronya got you to find me.
...When I was still one of the Architects working in the Scientific Research Division, I was researching the Stellaron.
I never thought I'd hear that word again after being expelled by the Architects... Come on, I'll tell you everything.
Only a very few people in Belobog know of the existence of the Stellaron. Those that do would never associate it with the Fragmentum or Eternal Freeze.
But according to the data recorded in that robot, Svarog... the Architects dug out the truth long ago. The research results were purposely hidden away to ensure that the outside world would never know of them.
Just my luck... Out of all the research topics I could've chosen, I insisted on the Stellaron. It's clear now that anyone who wanted to get closer to the truth would have been expelled or "abandoned."
Maybe I should be thanking Cocolia. All she did was push me out... She could've decided to take a more permanent measure.
I figured out that the Stellaron and the Fragmentum were linked, so I was already close to the truth. It's a shame that the Architects ejected me before I could discover that the source of the Fragmentum was the Stellaron itself.
Before I lost my position, I was applying for permission to survey the Stellaron directly. It was my research topic, but I'd never even set eyes on it. My research was all based on historical data and lab simulations.
Not long after I submitted my preliminary report and application, I received my punishment. It was obvious that somebody didn't want my research to continue.
Cocolia... It's been so many years since we last spoke. We were great friends once — there was nothing we wouldn't share.
She became a completely different person when she took on the supreme guardianship. The convictions she once held, her enthusiasm... it was like they were drawn out of her by some mysterious force.
She gave the order to expel me herself and refused to see me... I never understood that behavior, and I gave up trying to use logic to work it out a long time ago.
Sometimes I even wonder whether she really did become a different person... is that possible? Perhaps there's a single guardian's consciousness that gets handed down from generation to generation... and the real Cocolia has already vanished.
Is she being compelled by previous generations of guardians to make such baffling decisions? Who knows... but this might make for good songwriting material.
Gepard? Not a chance... He's a decent guy, but also famously uncompromising.
For my brother, orders are more important than anything. Even if you stuck Bronya's letter to his forehead, he wouldn't be swayed.
You need to choose your words carefully if you want to persuade him of something. It might be best if I talk to him... though I'd need a strategy first.
Yes. I never observed it directly, but I used lab simulations and outbound surveys to establish a rough location.
According to the survey results, the Stellaron is likely to the north of Belobog... somewhere in the vast Snow Plains.
Not a problem, I was thinking the same thing! But I'm afraid telling you might not be enough.
The area to the north of Belobog has been more or less swallowed up by the Fragmentum. If you want to get to the northern Snow Plains, you'll need to get past the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone on the front lines first.
Even if you get past the restricted zone in one piece... you'll have a whole heap of Fragmentum to deal with.
Yes. That's where the main force of the Silvermane Guards is stationed. They've consolidated their position there in order to resist the encroaching Fragmentum.
Correct. And it's different from the underground towns you described. The Fragmentum there has quite literally torn everything to pieces — there's no sign of life, despite the monsters.
Hey, enough pessimism! Back in my "official capacity" days, I spent a lot of time in the north — I got to know the soldiers and officers on the front line very well.
This calls for brainwaves, not "brawnwaves." How about I take you over myself?
Haha, I wanna see the Stellaron too, y'know — it was my research topic for over a decade. You don't get that many decades in life.
That's settled then! There's no time to lose — we should head out as soon as you're ready.
D—Darn it! I forgot my brother said he'd be around today...
Find somewhere to hide — quick — I'll handle him!
G—Gepard, it's you! I didn't think you'd have the time to visit with things so tense on the front line, hehe...
Ah? Oh, yes, that's right...
N—No, why would anything have happened?
*sigh* You said you hate it when I call you "bro" in public! Well I agree. It'd sound better if I started using your full name. Right, broseph?
Those guys can't think outside the box. Of course they can't wrap their heads around my design. *sigh* I thought it was something big. Leave it here. I'll take a look.
Why are you being so polite? Oh, and why's the city under curfew all of a sudden? Has something happened?
Lil' Geppie... So grown up now... Looking down on his civilian sister...
Ah! So that's how it is, no wonder I haven't heard from Bronya... Is she alright?
Well, I was sure worried about her... After she disappeared, Pela's workload doubled — she said she barely had time to go out.
W—Wait!
It's, um... right! You remember how you neglected all those flowers to death? I piled them all over there during a bit of spring cleaning, and now they smell terrible! So... don't go over there!
Am not — how dare you! What do you take your sister for?
Hey! Wait a sec — uh... Those intruders, I wanted to ask. What crime have they committed?
Huh... reminds me of the accusations against me. Cocolia's methods haven't changed.
...You're telling me off again. Fine, whatever bro. You better be going, come listen to Pela and my next rehearsal.
The coast is clear. You can come out now.
I almost lost my cool when he went for his flask...
Attempting to storm Qlipoth Fort by ourselves? Forget it, Seele. I don't care how skilled you are. I'm not sending you on a suicide mission.
Rest assured, Cocolia may have changed over the years... but she'd never hurt Bronya. I'm certain of that.
I was gauging his reactions just now, did you see? Unless we have irrefutable evidence, he won't question Cocolia's orders. If you go after him now, our plan's as good as over.
Didn't you hear him? He said he needs to take care of a few matters in the city first. If we're fast enough, we can stay out of his way.
Come on, let's go to the restricted zone. If we can get ahead of the curve and find the Stellaron, Cocolia will be out of options.
You care about her, huh. You must have become close friends.
Relax, she's the strongest girl I've ever seen.
Who's there? Didn't your parents tell you to knock before—
Ha, it's you three! Come on in! I was just talking to Clara about you.
"Miss Serval..." Clara is such a well-mannered kid! Meanwhile, the Architects' children are still calling me "auntie" and making me feel old...
Photo? ...This feels like one of my fan meet-ups, haha. Anyway, for you guys, I'd do autographs for free.
Over here, Clara! Wanna learn some cool poses?
Done? Let's have a look!
Wow, that's pretty great! I wish the photographers at my shows had your skills!
...There's gotta be a better shot than this one!
Huh...? You're leaving so soon?
*sigh* I understand. Well, this photo will always be close to my heart. I'll make a copy for you too, Clara.
I received Bronya's message before the inauguration ceremony. She told me everything that happened north of Belobog — about the Stellaron, and Cocolia's sacrifice...
But...
...Honestly, I feel that girl is hiding something from me. I knew Cocolia well, and she was never one to suddenly change her mind.
*sigh* Don't worry, I won't dig too deep. I know Bronya must have thought long and hard before deciding what to make public.
I just... feel a bit empty now that we've lost the Stellaron — I spent a long time pursuing it, after all...
As for Cocolia, the best side of her will live on in people's memory. That's not all bad...
...Where did they get to?
Ah, speak of the devil! I was just wondering when you might show up, hehe.
Don't worry, there's enough to go around! On the house — order whatever you like.
Ready? My stomach's always ready for food and drink!
...Huh? What orders?
Oops, forgot to check my messages...
Sorry, my bad... but it's not too late! You can order anything you want!
There's something I need your help with — I had to make it up to you somehow.
...Looks like we're not the only ones who wanted afternoon tea today though. We'll have to stand up for the time being.
Haha, don't drink too much, or you won't be able to sleep tonight.
Anyway... about the something I needed your help with.
Well, you're clearly better traveled than I am, and I know how generous you are... I feel embarrassed to ask now...
Ha, don't get ahead of yourself, this might be more complicated than you think...
Wait, don't go! Take it easy, I just wanted to ask you a question...
*sigh* Was it that obvious? I'm out of practice...
Well, you're clearly better traveled than I am, and I know how generous you are... I feel embarrassed to ask now...
Ha, don't get ahead of yourself, this might be more complicated than you think...
Uh... You still remember that?
Uh, how can I put this...
If I remember correctly, you, March, and Dan Heng came here on that train — the "Astral Express" — right?
I was wondering... is the train accepting new passengers?
Well, i—it's just... the dust has settled now. The Stellaron problem has been resolved, and Cocolia...
...Forget it, it's nothing! Forget I said anything.
Boarding Exam? Like a test? I can do that! That sounds like the admission system that schools in Belobog use!
I'm wondering though, are there any restrictions against, uh... "aliens" like me from boarding the train?
...I guessed as much, hehe.
You see, there's not much left for me here except to carry on repairing equipment in the workshop... I like practicing the guitar, and performances are fun, but the crowds are pretty small.
Besides, I'm a researcher... how could I not get excited about the chance to explore new worlds up close? Everyone gets tired of living in small places like Belobog after a few years, right?
Really? You're gonna say yes just like that?
I understand. I'm counting on you!
Okay, okay, I—I'm counting on you!
I know this is a lot to ask out of the blue, so apologies in advance.
Haha, I knew I could count on you!
Hehe, this is a pretty big ask⁓
...Actions? Ohhhh, I get you! Another plate of delicious snacks, coming right up!
...
...
Ugh... I know, I know. Let me think about it...
Oh! No, not at all! I could do with a hand, actually...
*sigh* I knew it...
...Hey, you're taking his side already!?
Y'know what, you're right — we should work these things out on our own...
That's just it — there is no deal...
Okay... I get it. I'll make a trip to Qlipoth Fort and tell Bronya what I really think.
N—No need, Bronya! You're a supreme guardian now. Don't let a little thing like this...
Besides, I'm the one who should be apologizing — I've put my own personal reasons ahead of Belobog's reconstruction...
Cocolia, you...
...I—It's nothing. You're right, it does belong to me.
...In fact, it once belonged to me and Cocolia. It was our shared treasure. If you don't mind, Bronya... could I take it back to the workshop?
...
...I will. Thank you, Bronya.
I assume you heard our conversation just now?
I didn't expect her to be so open-minded... and she didn't even try to persuade me to stay. She didn't summon me just to return the guitar, did she?
...After all these years, I never thought I'd set eyes on this guitar again. *sigh* Guess we're stuck with each other...
...Well, it'll take a while to tell.
The story behind this guitar... huh, it'll take a while to tell.
When we were in cadet school, Cocolia and I were notoriously disruptive — we were always coming up with the next crazy invention... We called it "exploring the infinite possibilities of new technologies."
This guitar was one of those inventions. Cocolia came up with a name...
...the "super electromagnetic flux player," or "electric guitar" for short.
Not really, no. She was a military history major — very different from what I was doing.
Still, we hung out every day, it's only natural that my love for inventing would rub off on her.
Don't believe me? Let me tell you, Cocolia and I shared a similar way of thinking back in the day.
It's a bit of a mouthful, but I liked it at the time... it was a rock 'n' roll name.
...*sigh*, I told you it'd take a while to tell the story — let's get back to the workshop first. By the way... wanna help me pack my bags?
...Huh? That melody...
...
I didn't think many people liked that one... Seems the city might have a few nice memories of me after I'm gone.
Well, it's getting late, let's head back.
Ah... There's no place like home. I never feel completely free out there.
Gepard, can you lend your dear sister a hand? Help me pack my bags~
Okay, okay, I promise this is the last time.
Oh, that~ It's a botanical specimen — little Lynxy sent it during one of her research trips.
As for the name... I can't quite recall...
Ah! Yes, yes, — snowman's palm! Ugh, my memory is the worst.
Hey! Watch it.
Oh, that's a letter I was gonna send to my mom. I haven't even finished writing it.
There's nothing personal in it — have a read if you like.
Only to Mom. You know I still don't get along with Dad.
...Mm. I'll think about it.
Since you're so curious, I'll give you the whole story.
This guitar... was actually given to me as a birthday present by Cocolia a long time ago.
I came up with the design, but I was never able to build it — some of the raw materials were either too expensive or too hard to get a hold of. She helped me turn the concept into reality.
Quick as lightning, always keeping her word — that was her way of doing things. Back then... I thought we'd be friends for life.
I don't think anyone realized, but back then we were so close we didn't even differentiate between each other's possessions. We shared pretty much everything.
We lived in the same dormitory, went to the same school together every day, ate together, whiled away the time together... and occasionally talked about music together — though it wasn't something she was overly familiar with.
That's how things were until the day we fell out. A lot of our shared possessions never left her office again...
I was always looking forward to the day she'd return this guitar... I thought that would be the day we could bury the hatchet.
Now that I think about it... perhaps I was too naive. She'd probably forgotten it even existed.
...You think so too?
*sigh* I know... but that's what makes it harder.
How did the conversation get so heavy again!? No good — let's talk about something interesting.
You know something, Gepard? That guitar case in your hand, and my guitar... They're both from the same prototype — the "super electromagnetic flux player."
Well... let's see. Ah, yes — a Silvermane Guard standard issue portable heater. I—It's broken, though.
*sigh* I wanted to keep it with me... but that's the problem with old things — the less you use them, the easier they break. Besides, no one's paying me to fix it, right?
...The principle behind this machine and the one you fixed when you first came to the workshop is the same. You'll understand when you see it.
Hehe, come on, it isn't that difficult.
What!? No! No, no, no — can't you see I'm just short of hands here?
Think about it — you helped me fix my machine the first time you came here, and now you're helping me the last time too... That's called having a beginning and an end, right?
As promised, let me tell you the story behind this little heater.
Its original owner was an ancestor of the Landau family — Rhonda Landau. She was one of our great heroes who participated in the Defense of Belobog 700 years ago.
The records tell that during the decisive battle, she led two Silvermane Guard brigades. She engaged the enemy for four full days and nights in the fight for the city... I still have the newspaper clippings from that time — I'll show you when I get the chance.
Of course, after all, she was a Landau!
That should be everything...
Phew... finally. I think I must have left cadet school with about the same amount...
...Of course! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity — I can't miss it.
What's wrong, Gepard? Ahh, I see... Can't let go of your dear ol' sister, eh?
...Huh? You just said you didn't wanna complicate things for me, and now you're sending me on a mission...
Ahaa~ You just wanna spend as much time as possible with me before I go, right?
Even at a time like this, you're still thinking about the people... *sigh* I don't know what to say.
Alright, I'll help you out — the first and last time the Landau siblings will work together!
*sigh* ...I'm tired of packing. Let's leave it here for today. Thanks for your help.
*yawn* I drank all that tea. Why am I getting sleepy?
Yes, I've been preparing myself mentally for a long time. If I back out now, it'll be a huge loss.
Well... would you believe me if I said yes?
Haha, he's my little brother, of course I don't want to leave him alone. But... I don't have any other choice.
Also, i—it's not like I'm never coming back. And if I really miss him... I can just pester the heck outta him over the phone, right?
There's always a way for me to contact him if I need to, so don't worry!
Hm... you can see right through me.
I'm sorry, I'm not ready to talk to anyone about the reasons behind my decision... I hope you can understand.
Haha, thank you. Make sure you look after me now~
And that's the only Cocolia you guys ever got to know, huh... Always ahead of everyone else, never looking back, even for a second...
...She put it all out of her mind. Me, and every memory to do with me...
Hold up, I wasn't that late...
Huh? Hold up, I wasn't that late...
We didn't speak all that much... You know how it is, I can only talk to Dad for so long before I start losing it.
...Feels like we're not getting many friendly looks, huh.
The name's Serval. I'm, uh... an ex-engineer from the Technology Division and... Gepard's sister. Pleasure to meet you, chief!
Uh... she's not trying to be diplomatic about it, is she?
Who is she anyway...?
Hmm... Choose your words wisely, Geppie...
...Stop stoking the fire!
I swear he never used to be this emotionally intelligent...
I've never really seen this side of him before... the more you learn.
...I couldn't get a word in while they were talking.
A duty-bound soldier and a resistance leader... It's hard to be rock 'n' roll in front of people like that.
Y'know... maybe I need to put my "inner struggles" in a broader context, hehe...
...You're right. I've probably been idle for too long — it's easy to get stuck in your own head.
My "own" way... Ha, I don't even remember what kind of life I want.
...I know. Anyway, don't worry, I'm doing fine.
It's just... I see people fighting for their lives and here I am thinking about how to escape... I feel guilty about that.
Wait a minute, was that Gepard's plan all along? Use guilt to make me stay!?
Hmm, that's true. Anyway, since he asked for help, it's time to give those monsters a shock!
You know the way to the Great Mine, right? Let's catch up with Gepard when you're ready!
That's all you needed to say! Let's go.
Need to take stock? Just say the word — we'll head over together.
You're too kind, they deserve the real credit. I doubt I'd have come back in one piece without them.
I'm alright, don't worry! Everything worked out eventually. Let's wait for the rest of them to get back...
Is that Gepard?
...So you're looking after your brother on your own? That must be hard.
...
Y'know... we're pretty good at turning a happy reunion into a tear fest. Let's call it a day and give them some room.
If you're not too tired, Gepard, can I talk to you for a moment?
What you said back there... did you really mean it?
I know what you're up to, Geppie...
You made it sound like you were talking to those kids... but you were talking to me.
Who's building that wall now?
Change of plan. I've decided to stay in Belobog.
I know that, Gepard. Don't worry, I've thought this one through for a change.
What you said was the last piece of the puzzle for me. I suddenly realized that my decision to leave was just me trying to run away from my problems... Wasn't a mature decision.
I've always found it hard to handle complex relationships... be it Cocolia or my family.
The first thought I have when things don't work out is to run away. Starting from today, that's no longer the case.
After all... I'm not doing this on my own, right?
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have had any idea about the hardships people were going through in the Underworld. It made me feel like... maybe I could help a little, and make Belobog a better place.
I'm so sorry! This is the last one, I promise!
I... want to see the Stellaron. I want to see the place where Cocolia sacrificed herself.
It's alright, I've got Gepard with me — we'll be safe. See you in a bit!
Uh-oh, sounds like something serious is happening. You'd better fill me in.
...What? How is that possible? I need a moment to wrap my head around this...
...
...It's okay, I've thought it through... If it were up to me, I'd... sign the contract.
Surprised? My reasons are pretty simple.
Signing this contract would mean we no longer have to worry about "surviving." For most of the residents here, especially those in the Underworld, that would be more than enough to persuade them.
As for working for the company, pfft, people need to work no matter where they are, right? If the IPC tries to take too many liberties, we can always rise up against them!
You know, I've always longed for the stars since I was a child, which is why I devoted myself to science and the studying of the Stellaron. If someone told me that I could do whatever research I wanted, with only a small price to pay... I probably wouldn't hesitate.
I've always longed for the stars since I was a child, which is why I devoted myself to science and the studying of the Stellaron. If someone told me that I could do whatever research I wanted with only a small price to pay... I probably wouldn't hesitate.
I can't speak for everyone, but this is how I really feel.
Woo! Thanks everyone! Hope you're ready for a great show! Let's get started!
I... I don't know much about warfare, but I don't see why a commander needs to lead the charge. The situation here is totally different from the Restricted Zone.
...There's no stopping you once you've made up your mind. Fine, we'll do it your way.
There's a monster heading this way... What should we do, Gepard?
Gepard, look! The miners have put up a makeshift defensive line!
Is it me or is it... cold here?
Thank goodness we got here in time. If we'd arrived any later...
Huh? I wouldn't go that far — I only had Dad to deal with. He could be fierce, but nothing like the monsters here.
Besides, my problem with him wasn't that he was a strict father...
I just couldn't believe that he never lifted a finger to oppose Cocolia's order to seal the passageway...
Vowing to protect the Underworlders in one breath, and then deciding they deserved to be abandoned in the next... "Family code of conduct" — what a joke.
Hmph, I'm angry just thinking about it. Looking back, I'm glad I left home early.
...
My choice...
*sigh* Don't worry about it. I get what you're trying to say, I do! It's just... I need some time.
Let's focus on the business at hand. That miner we met said his brother came this way — we should look around.
Hey... Did you just scare off a Fragmentum monster?
Huh? What is it?
The air... it's so cold...
...Ugh, that noise! Do Fragmentum monsters usually sound like this?
Our names? What's happening here...
...
Cocolia...
You... You just won't stop haunting me.
I try everything to put the past behind me... and yet you always manage to creep up again...
Cocolia, you... you witch! You terminated my research and ruined my life... What else do you want to take away from me!?
All that time we spent together... was any of it real?
It was so easy for you to just leave this world behind... Don't you at least owe me an explanation!?
...
Ha, you two...
I'm sorry, brother. I always make you worry when things get serious.
But I see what you're doing... Reverse psychology, huh?
Well, seeing as we've come this far...
Cocolia... let's settle this bad blood right here, right now!
Hmph, since when did you forget how to let go, Cocolia?
I...
I feel like something heavy has finally been lifted.
I see... You really made no effort to correct your mistakes, Cocolia...
Anyway, it doesn't matter anymore... From here on out, I'm over that woman.
...Ha, really?
*sigh* I guess it doesn't matter. From here on out, I'm over that woman.
Oh... shame.
*sigh* I guess it doesn't matter. From here on out, I'm over that woman.
Hah, there's plenty of precious stuff in here! You aren't looking for treasure in the museum while pretending to volunteer, right?
Oh! What's this gadget? This monitor, and this keyboard... is it an automaton remote control terminal?
See, there's a piece of paper here! It says "Penya Sergeyevna"...
Is that the owner's name? Sounds a bit familiar...
Actually, I want to talk to you about our little Lynx.
The last time I saw her, she was preparing to meet someone on the Snow Plains. She even asked for a stove set from me...
But no matter how Gepard and I asked and probed, Lynx simply refused to tell us who she was gonna meet... *sigh* I'm such a failure of a sister.
So, that's why Gepard and I came up with this idea. We'd like you to help us find out what's going on!
I know she's used to going into the Snow Plains alone for research, and we've always believed she can protect herself...
Oh, right! If you're gonna go find Lynxy, you gotta know what she looks like!
Don't worry. She stands out. She's blonde like us and, um... quite short. She's always wearing a white fur hat... If I'm right, she should be waiting for someone at the city exit closest to the Snow Plains.
We are putting our dearest baby sister in your hands this time. Let us know immediately if anything happens.
What can I say... Sounds like a Lynxy expedition alright.
No way. As long as Lynxy can protect herself, I'll be supportive in all her ventures!
Alright, alright, calm down. She'll be able to look after herself.
As for how we'll communicate with Lynxy in the future... We'll have to have a good think about it.
...Gepard! Way to make it obvious.
Welcome home, Lynxy.
Aww, it's okay. It's okay...
I think we need a little private time. See you soon.
That's okay. Gepard and I understand... right, Gepard?
*sigh* Gepard! Are you quite finished?
Leave it to me. Stick close guys, and don't get spotted.
Well, if it isn't Franz, long time no see! You're still watching the entrance?
My brother said the restricted zone energy lines were malfunctioning — told me it was urgent. He doesn't trust those contracted maintenance workers... so he got me in for free.
These guys are my assistants. We need to overhaul all the installations here.
Oh please, this is a Technology Division issue. Why would they tell you guys? Come on, let us in already. If the heating system goes down in the middle of the night, are you gonna be responsible for all the frozen corpses?
Thanks, Franz. I'll put in a good word for you with my brother and get him to promote you!
Do you see that mechanical gear bridge? When you cross over to the other side, you arrive at hell on earth.
An endless Fragmentum, a few exhausted Silvermane Guards... and the stench of death in the air.
Hm... It's a place too cold to bear, covered in snow and ice. The guys doing the scientific research don't have time to worry about the surroundings.
The restricted zone front line is on the other side of the gear bridge. It's an endless Fragmentum with a few exhausted Silvermane Guards... and the stench of death in the air.
They do. The Architects believe that hell can exist on any world — a plight that will inevitably come to be without intervention.
In the future, a terrible catastrophe will arrive. If, under Qlipoth the Preservation's guidance, we fail to construct a barrier, that catastrophe will sweep away the stars, plunging all worlds into hell.
That's the belief of the Architects... but for us, hell is an endless Fragmentum, a few exhausted Silvermane Guards... and the stench of death in the air.
If we want to progress further north, we will need to cross that hell. Are you ready?
Haha, let's go then. First, we need to think of a way to get to the other side.
I helped set the underlying mechanisms for this type of gear bridge. It's controlled via different terminals in combination. Let's go find them.
Argh...
Nope... this terminal is offline, we can't control it from here.
Look for another — every platform linked to the gear bridge should have a similar terminal.
...Darn, can't activate it. It seems like someone's severed the energy supply to the terminals.
I... huh. Y'know, the more I think about it, the more it seems deliberate.
I was just thinking that, we can't rule it out.
What are you talking about...?
I think the Guards must have done this intentionally.
With the front line on high alert, they must have rotated the bridge to make it impassable. Then they cut off the energy supply to the terminals to avoid accidental repositioning... or to prevent deserters from escaping.
That way, even if the front line were to collapse... the Fragmentum monsters wouldn't be able to make it to the other side.
Just my conjecture, but I doubt it's far from the truth. My brother mentioned that they've had to use extreme measures to repel the Fragmentum monsters.
Let's press on. We can't activate either of these terminals, so let's look for the energy supply installation itself.
That's it! The thing shaped like a giant iron ball.
Its formal name is the "mechanism energy hub." It's connected to all the energy lines — I would've thought it covers the entire restricted zone.
As long as we can gain access permissions to the hub, we can operate the gear bridge terminals.
That's why I told them we were here for urgent maintenance! The front line equipment needs servicing just as much as the rest.
Come on, let's see if that guard over there will let us past.
Yo! Evening, soldier!
Not yet, everything looks normal so far. I think the problem is stemming from the energy hub.
If you let us in we can do a routine service inspection... I've worked on various iterations of this type of installation...
You need the encryption key, right? Which captain should I bother then?
Dunn... Dunn? Ha, why didn't you say so! No problem. We'll be back in a bit.
Hey, Dunn! It's been a while. I didn't know you made security captain.
Allow me to introduce my assistants to you. They help me take care of business at the workshop.
Everyone, this is Captain Dunn, an old friend of mine. He used to be an ace on the keys in the band.
It's not a big deal, Dunn. Y'know, if you get a chance, would you wanna get on stage with us again?
My keyboard guy is pretty good, but I still miss our military days playing in the band...
I've checked the lines, there don't seem to be any major problems. All that's left is the energy hub.
The guard over there said that I needed an "encryption key" to open the gate. Can you help me out?
Anything wrong, Dunn?
Huh? Oh, uh... Let me think... "Hey sis, the energy supply lines in the restricted zone have malfunctioned. Those useless engineers can't find the problem." Something like that...
Uh... this morning? Yeah, that's right. He's on urban patrol duty today, right? That's why he popped round and asked the favor.
...Hah? Hold up, he's back? That can't be, he was still in the city a little while ago...
...
I brought you guys here, and I'm standing with you till the end!
Dunn, this concerns the fate of Belobog — no — the fate of our whole world. Please don't stand in our way...
I know what I'm doing, Dunn! Step aside.
I'm sorry Dunn... Time for a little nap.
Got it, the encryption key! Quick, before we attract attention, let's—
That's the enemy attack alarm... Every Silvermane Guard in the reserve zone just became our enemy.
We've made it up till now... I could lose an arm and a leg for all I care — I have to lay eyes on the Stellaron.
Quick, back to the energy supply hub. Anyone that tries to stop us is gonna find out a thing or two.
Give me some time...
Ugh, who designed this operating system! It's so unintuitive!
Emergency Fire Evacuation System... Not that...
Rock 'n' Roll Dance Floor Atmosphere Mode... Who the heck added that!? And they used one of my songs!
Gear Bridge Control Terminal — ha, still found it!
That's it, I've reset the energy system! Let's go and operate the gear bridge terminal.
There's no other way... We'll have to fight.
Energy restored... system online... certification enabled... come on, come on!
40%... 65%... 85%...
Phew! We did it! We've gained access to the gear bridge. Let's move.
Perfect! Okay, we need to get to the front line.
He probably is... Hopefully, we don't bump into him, but if we do, we'll just have to try and talk to him...
I've probably got a 30% chance, or less.
...Of course. My word is my bond. I said that I'd stand with you to the end, and I won't go back on that promise.
Wait, Gepard! Listen to me—
I'm sorry... we have an understanding. I stand with them.
Give me a few minutes, just a few. I'll explain every—
...!
Why do you think I've come here? We've found a way to dispel the Eternal Freeze, to seal the Fragmentum. It might be the only lifeline this world has left!
You don't understand. The one preventing us from getting close to the truth... is Cocolia herself.
Listen to me, Gepard! The origin and spread of the Fragmentum is linked to the Stellaron. The meteorite in the Architects' records, it's—
The forbidden is only forbidden to conceal the truth within.
Cocolia's afraid that we'll seize on this knowledge — that the truth will spread far and wide: To save the world, we must risk it all.
I've said my piece, whether you believe it or not is up to you. Regardless, you should know by now your sister's never been one to back down. If there's something or someone you can't abide, you should stand up and resist... and if there's something you uphold, you should uphold it to the very end!
The Barrier hasn't been fixed yet. Don't try and be a hero, Gepard!
So much for your memory. Did you forget the Architects expelled me ages ago?
He's as stubborn as I am. It could be an argument or a fight — he'll do both to the death... That's why he bugs the heck out of me!
That's enough, Gepard. Take a look around you! You're the last man standing!
Gepard... brother. Surely now you can see the need for pragmatism?
Even if you don't believe my outsider friends, you should believe me... Ugh, maybe I've wasted your trust... in which case, believe Bronya.
There's nothing more to say, Gepard. The decision is yours.
...The people of Belobog.
See! That was easy.
Hmph, I don't want people to see me that way... I'm doing this for you. Otherwise, I wouldn't be using my brother's name.
Yes, but what made you ask that all of a sudden?
He's a Landau.
I can't say I blame you — we're nothing alike in personality or interests.
In our family we have a strong military tradition going back generations — many a Landau has died in their prime. There's not a lot of "brother and sister time." Everyone just does their best to get on with their life.
You bet I do. We go way back. He's easy to talk to. Watch me persuade him.
Shoulda, coulda, woulda, Seele! Activating the gear bridge alone would've been enough to expose us.
We're in!
Yup.
Well, either we reason with them or charge straight through the blockade... Let's play it by ear!
I haven't fought with Gepard since he enlisted. He could never beat me when we were little, but now...
You see? Brothers and sisters need to have a scrap once in a while to get back on good terms.
Agh, enough apologizing. My ears can't take any more.
Honestly, this would have happened sooner or later. You just gave me an excuse to bring everything forward.
What's wrong with a bit of violent coexistence between siblings? Seems pretty normal to me.
Hehe, I'm pulling your leg. Since I left the military, my brother and I have always steered clear of certain sensitive topics... Thinking about it, perhaps he's just been looking out for my feelings, shielding me all along.
Knowing my temper, my brother almost certainly went to great lengths on many occasions for me. I should be thanking him.
Let's do this. I may never have come face to face with it, but this Stellaron cost me a nice, stable job. It's time to get even.
Actually, I have another selfish motive... I want to prove to Cocolia that I was right. Once we've taken care of the Stellaron... maybe she'll go back to how she was.
...Sorry, hardly the time for me to be obsessing over all this.
As I mentioned, if we want to progress further north, we're gonna have to cross that "hell." Still, look at it this way: just another arena to showcase our skills, right?
Now, if you're ready to get on stage, let's push for that standing ovation!
Are you dealing with attacks like this every day?
Here they come!
...I told you, Gepard, the Barrier hasn't been fixed yet! Don't try and be a hero!
...
Outsiders, Seele, the second wave hasn't started yet. Make the most of this opportunity and make a break for it!
My brother can't hold them back by himself. He wasted a lot of energy on us. He's my responsibility now. Besides...
If I'm not here to help... I don't know what might happen in the next wave.
I want to go with you, I do! I always wanted to catch a glimpse of the Stellaron with my own eyes, and now it's so close...
But I can't abandon my brother and the other Guards — I'm a Landau! It's up to you now, I believe in you. You've given me new hope!
Get hold of the Stellaron before Cocolia realizes what's happening!
Hey March! Don't forget to take a picture of the Stellaron for me.
...Why do you hesitate, Cocolia? Isn't this what you've always been hoping for? Get out of this cage and take a look at the city. What is there to lose!?
The efforts of our predecessors... their unfinished research... we can finally see them come to fruition! Give me some soldiers and I'll locate the Stellaron and find out how to save our world—
Come... to my senses? What are you—
...Why Cocolia... Why have you grown so cold...
Brr... it's cold here...
Is this... the Stellaron Imprisonment Device? They had such advanced technology back in the day.... impressive.
...Mm. She gave something back, in death.
I think I'm mostly here for myself. Still...
I wanted to come here to perform for Cocolia. To say goodbye...
...I'm glad you guys are here to witness it.
Not the nicest spot for a show, and the equipment could be better... sorry about that.
...
Look at me, Cocolia! Don't you dare look away...
Because I...
will no longer...
live...
in...
in...
shadow!!!
...
...
...Happy. I just wish I could've seen the look on her face.
Shame.
As for tonight... let's go to Old Goethe's place and have a big feast to celebrate!
Oh wow, the train carriages are so cool. Can we put a little stage there?
Haha, I'm only kidding.
But if you like, I could give you all a small private show any time.
The sofas here all look tailor-made — perfect for VIP guests!
If you like, I can give all of you a small private show any time.
The sofas here all look tailor-made — perfect for VIP guests!
Who do you take me for...
Alright, I admit that for a few seconds there, the thought may have crossed my mind.
And not only do you have Belobog music, but music from other planets, too...
I'd love to know where you picked this thing up.
*sigh*, I'm not sure you guys will agree, but...
...would you mind if I made a trip to the Astral Express one time, just to listen to music?
It's a deal then. Next time you need something done in the workshop, I'll do it for free!
Would you mind if I made a trip to the Astral Express, just to listen to music?
It's a deal then. Next time you need something done in the workshop, I'll do it for free!
Haha, of course! Himeko and her... collection — more than enough reason to come visit the Express.
We talked about a lot of things — how she repaired the Express, all about her adventures, a certain resident fluffy conductor, and you guys...
Oh, and she showed me her masterpiece too. I gotta say: soooo cool! It was hard to resist the urge to open it up and see what was inside, but I managed to control myself...
If I'd known there were so many high-tech wonders on the Express, I probably would've insisted on going with you guys.
Haha, only joking — I'm needed in Belobog. Still, if I ever forget how to play the guitar or fix things in my workshop... there'll be a spot for me here, right? It's a deal!
Himeko showed me her masterpiece. I gotta say: soooo cool! It was hard to resist the urge to open it up and see what was inside, but I managed to control myself...
If I'd known there were so many high-tech wonders on the Express, I probably would've insisted on going with you guys.
Oh? Seems you haven't seen his other side...
He doesn't look like the type, but that sounds about right.
Exactly! You won't believe this, but...
I was talking to Mr. Yang about my career as a mechanic and my time in the Silvermane Guards. Somehow, we got onto that so-called Engine of Creation...
As soon as I started talking about it, he jumped out of his seat in excitement — scared me half to death. He wanted to know everything there was to know about its technical specs and whether I'd ever had the chance to ride in it... Sadly, I had to tell him I never saw the robot myself.
You know what? He's got me excited too... Let's find a time to head into the northern valleys and check it out!
The Engine of Creation... Sadly, I never got the chance to see the robot myself.
You know what? Mr. Yang got me excited about it too... Let's find a time to head into the northern valleys and check it out!
Tsk... Think, Serval, think...
Hmm... not bad. Sounds like something one of those old bands would play at the beginning of their sets...
Haha, love it, but I bet there's a lot of songs with that name. It sounds like something Randy would play — he's one of my favorite legendary guitarists. May he rest in peace...
Um... not quite my taste. "High speed" doesn't quite do the Express justice.
Anyway, thanks for the suggestions! They all have something about them. I'll have to think about it...
That's given me food for thought...
*sigh* I've had a lot of free time recently, so I was thinking about writing some new songs. Sadly, that's about as far as I got...
But at least I have time to come visit you guys! Did you miss me?
Ha! I knew you'd say that. Here, I've got a gift for you...
...aaaand where did I leave it?
For real? Hmph, never mind the GIFT I got for you then...
You can't work your way out of writer's block! A short break is a good way of refreshing the mind.
Hmph! Didn't think you'd accuse me of goofing off... Never mind the GIFT I got for you then...
Ha, just kidding — here you goooo~
A gift from Belobog's number one rock star — you're not allowed to dislike it! Or at least don't tell me if that's the case...
Hmm, I've been on the Express for a while but I still don't have any new songwriting inspiration. How strange...
Could it be that... I've peaked already?
I've gotta say, Aetherium Wars is really fun, I've been grinding for several days straight — barely even had time to eat!
Totally used to it~ Pela and I have already struck fear into the hearts of more than a few newbies.
No problem! The rules are actually quite simple. To start with, I've made some minor tweaks to the Snowshine Lamps, making it possible for heat to be transferred between them...
Just pop a thermic core into a lamp, and all the nearby lamps will light up simultaneously — cool, right?
Experience is always the best teacher — so go ahead and try for yourselves with these two lamps!
But don't think we'll just hand over the Mastery Mark without a fight — you'd better make sure you're ready before you even think about challenging us!
Haha, the enthusiasm is cute, but don't think just because you're still figuring out the game that Pela and I will take it easy on you!
Well, well, someone's feeling pretty confident...
Well then, it's time you felt the power of "Mechanical Fever!" Pela, let's show them what we're made of!
Now that was intense! I can't remember the last time I had so much fun.
Haha, I have to admit, you definitely have that rock 'n' roll flair.
Here, take it — the Corridor of Fading Echoes Mastery Mark — you've earned it!
Look how happy they are! It's clear they trust you a lot.
Sorry, I'm not quite sure either... IPC tech is pretty complex — there are some principles I'm still trying to wrap my head around.
Speaking of champions — have you heard the story of the mysterious "elite player?"
We're not entirely sure... He said something about "adding an element of mystery to the story."
Remember, train hard and relish every moment! The title awaits you!
The essence of turn-based games lies in the numbers, so you'd better get ready to witness the precision of my calculations!
Okay, I wasn't expecting that...
Oh, so you're here to take part? Well if we bump into each other out there you'd better be ready. This time we're gonna show you what we're really made of!
Nice to meet you, I'm Natasha — an Underworld doctor. Feeling sick? Take a seat, let me take a look.
I'm in today. But that is not an excuse for misbehavior.
Today feels fighting fit.
I see all kinds of patients. Some require a gentle touch, others need a stern talking to before they take things seriously... Haha, a doctor should always use the right cure for the right person.
A patient's medicine doesn't just reveal their illness. It also offers a window into their desires and needs.
People join Wildfire for themselves, for the newborn next door without a mother, for the elderly with no home to return to.
I still occasionally practice suturing on my old teddy bear, just like in the old days.
People in the Underworld have gotten used to making the best of a bad situation. That's why I have to keep reminding myself that we're nowhere near where we need to be.
Humans long for freedom. If they go for too long without seeing the sky, they get ill... Both in body and mind.
When the childrens' parents are away in the mines, the clinic becomes a kind of nursery... Haha, to be fair, it's me who invites them. Perhaps I need them more than they need me.
Seele's already become a capable adult — I can't treat her like a child anymore.
I heard she's been looking after the wounded vagrants. What a girl... When I first met Clara, she was replacing parts for her robots like a mechanic, but leaving her own wounds unattended. It was heartbreaking to watch.
Svarog wants to preserve humanity, but he's not concerned about what humans truly think.
If I know Sampo, the last thing he wants is to owe you a favor — he'll think of any way possible to pay you back... The longer you leave a favor, the harder it is to calculate its value.
Sometimes I stand at the door of the clinic and watch her running and jumping around... and my tiredness simply goes away.
That kid puts up a strong front, but under the surface he's afraid of becoming a burden — that's why he trains and fights so hard... I hope one day he's able to slow down and listen to his heart.
Room for an "old witch," Hook?
That'll take more than medicine.
Don't get careless.
Naughty children don't listen.
Seems I've been waiting a while...
You're in bad shape.
Here comes the medicine.
I'm okay.
That hurt...
Just in time.
Just a little something. Think nothing of it.
But I'm a... doctor...
I have plenty of medicine at the ready.
I'll be more careful.
Found you.
A delicate operation.
If there's medicine, it'll come in handy.
These will last us a long time.
Hm, that's a healthy brain.
Victory means preparation.
Hard work needs hard rest.
Time for a shot.
Savor the vigor of life.
Naptime.
All better now?
This is enough for me — take the rest.
Cute little game~
Nice to meet you, I'm Natasha — an Underworld doctor. Feeling sick? Take a seat, let me take a look.
I'm in today. But that is not an excuse for misbehavior.
Today feels fighting fit.
I see all kinds of patients. Some require a gentle touch, others need a stern talking to before they take things seriously... Haha, a doctor should always use the right cure for the right person.
A patient's medicine doesn't just reveal their illness. It also offers a window into their desires and needs.
People join Wildfire for themselves, for the newborn next door without a mother, for the elderly with no home to return to.
I still occasionally practice suturing on my old teddy bear, just like in the old days.
People in the Underworld have gotten used to making the best of a bad situation. That's why I have to keep reminding myself that we're nowhere near where we need to be.
Humans long for freedom. If they go for too long without seeing the sky, they get ill... Both in body and mind.
When the childrens' parents are away in the mines, the clinic becomes a kind of nursery... Haha, to be fair, it's me who invites them. Perhaps I need them more than they need me.
Seele's already become a capable adult — I can't treat her like a child anymore.
I heard she's been looking after the wounded vagrants. What a girl... When I first met Clara, she was replacing parts for her robots like a mechanic, but leaving her own wounds unattended. It was heartbreaking to watch.
Svarog wants to preserve humanity, but he's not concerned about what humans truly think.
If I know Sampo, the last thing he wants is to owe you a favor — he'll think of any way possible to pay you back... The longer you leave a favor, the harder it is to calculate its value.
Sometimes I stand at the door of the clinic and watch her running and jumping around... and my tiredness simply goes away.
That kid puts up a strong front, but under the surface he's afraid of becoming a burden — that's why he trains and fights so hard... I hope one day he's able to slow down and listen to his heart.
Room for an "old witch," Hook?
That'll take more than medicine.
Don't get careless.
Naughty children don't listen.
Seems I've been waiting a while...
You're in bad shape.
Here comes the medicine.
I'm okay.
That hurt...
Just in time.
Just a little something. Think nothing of it.
But I'm a... doctor...
I have plenty of medicine at the ready.
I'll be more careful.
Found you.
A delicate operation.
If there's medicine, it'll come in handy.
These will last us a long time.
Hm, that's a healthy brain.
Victory means preparation.
Hard work needs hard rest.
Time for a shot.
Savor the vigor of life.
Naptime.
All better now?
This is enough for me — take the rest.
Cute little game~
Nice to meet you, I'm Natasha — an Underworld doctor. Feeling sick? Take a seat, let me take a look.
I'm in today. But that is not an excuse for misbehavior.
Today feels fighting fit.
I see all kinds of patients. Some require a gentle touch, others need a stern talking to before they take things seriously... Haha, a doctor should always use the right cure for the right person.
A patient's medicine doesn't just reveal their illness. It also offers a window into their desires and needs.
People join Wildfire for themselves, for the newborn next door without a mother, for the elderly with no home to return to.
I still occasionally practice suturing on my old teddy bear, just like in the old days.
People in the Underworld have gotten used to making the best of a bad situation. That's why I have to keep reminding myself that we're nowhere near where we need to be.
Humans long for freedom. If they go for too long without seeing the sky, they get ill... Both in body and mind.
When the childrens' parents are away in the mines, the clinic becomes a kind of nursery... Haha, to be fair, it's me who invites them. Perhaps I need them more than they need me.
Seele's already become a capable adult — I can't treat her like a child anymore.
I heard she's been looking after the wounded vagrants. What a girl... When I first met Clara, she was replacing parts for her robots like a mechanic, but leaving her own wounds unattended. It was heartbreaking to watch.
Svarog wants to preserve humanity, but he's not concerned about what humans truly think.
If I know Sampo, the last thing he wants is to owe you a favor — he'll think of any way possible to pay you back... The longer you leave a favor, the harder it is to calculate its value.
Sometimes I stand at the door of the clinic and watch her running and jumping around... and my tiredness simply goes away.
We both came from the Overworld. Maybe that's why we're so eager to turn back the clock — to return to when life below ground was no harder than life on the surface.
That kid puts up a strong front, but under the surface he's afraid of becoming a burden — that's why he trains and fights so hard... I hope one day he's able to slow down and listen to his heart.
And then you start to doubt yourself, and wonder if you've lost that drive... If everything were to happen again, would you still stand strong?
You do? Good... I mean, it's good to know someone in this world feels the same way as me.
And that's not surprising — you're different from others. You seem to radiate a confidence most people don't have.
I haven't been able to sit back once over the past ten years — a moment's negligence could have brought Wildfire crashing down... and the Underworld would've been beyond saving.
Staying vigilant wasn't the issue... it was the not knowing whether I'd ever be able to let my guard down again...
No matter what anyone says, I believe your arrival was the reward for my long vigil. Thank you, Trailblazer.
Well, now that you're awake, you should probably try moving your limbs. I'm Natasha — a doctor in the underground. You've already spent a day in my clinic.
Nice to meet you too... Hehe, you're very polite.
Yes... it's a place that's been sealed off and neglected by the overgrounders for more than a decade. The underground has none of the splendor of the surface — the people here dig tunnels and mine ore to make a living.
Mm-hmm, I'm afraid the conditions underground are terrible. People get sick easily here, and I'm the only doctor.
Sampo's gone to clear up a mess of his own making, so I'm looking after you in the meantime. Based on your current state, I don't think there's any cause for alarm — you seem perfectly healthy.
So if you don't mind, I'll go and take a look at the other patients?
Sampo just told me that you lost consciousness. He didn't say why. Still, I'll wager it had something to do with him — he's always tinkering with his devices.
Anyway, the opinion of the clinic is that none of you have come to harm.
Sampo told me. Don't worry, the Silvermane Guards won't follow you below ground. We've been cut off from the surface for many years. Even when things were at their worst down here, they never showed.
...Of course, I don't know the whole story behind why the Architects ordered the lockdown. Who knows, thanks to you, they might finally be about to lift it... something that Wildfire's wanted to achieve for a long time now.
Oh, please, you needn't worry. You've just been asleep for a while, I barely had to lift a finger.
I... might've exaggerated your condition for Sampo's ears... but that guy owes me. He better bring me back some medicine.
They've been up for a while already. The young guy with the dark hair left first — he went with Sampo.
Your rowdier friend took off soon after waking up. I imagine she'll be taking a stroll nearby.
As for the girl in the Silvermane Guard uniform, I told Sampo to watch her... but it seems that he left his post and she made a run for it.
Good question... he's a man of mystery. He claims to be a simple cross-border businessman — not that there's much to interest an Overworlder down here. Either way, he's got a surprising number of connections.
I've managed to secure more than a few urgent medical supplies through him, and he's been a big help to Wildfire... In any case, I don't think his intentions are sinister.
Sure, but don't push yourself. If you start feeling unwell, come straight back and tell me.
...And if you run into any trouble, you can try asking for Wildfire.
It's a grassroots organization. Think of it as the Silvermane Guards of the underground, but less stone-hearted.
No need to thank me. It's a doctor's duty to heal.
Y'know, the underground has been cut off from the surface for years. For you outsiders to descend on us out of nowhere is pretty incredible.
Everything alright? You feeling okay?
The Underworld? What do you want to know?
Because we need Geomarrow. After Belobog's construction, the demand for energy kept increasing. The Eternal Freeze prevented us from expanding outwards, so our only choice was to go down.
The people answered the call of the Architects and descended, excavating ore veins and establishing mines. Before we were sealed off, it was an honor to work underground.
It was a choice... the pursuit of arduous labor for the survival of our entire civilization.
...It's never been good. Conditions are tough both above and below the surface. The Overworld is faced with the Eternal Freeze and Fragmentum corrosion, and the Underworld has to contend with hard labor, suffocating heat, and serious shortages.
It's been over a decade since the Silvermane Guards withdrew from the Underworld, and the situation here has only gotten worse. The only contact we have is the exchange of Geomarrow for goods.
And what's more... the Fragmentum corrosion has begun to reach us down here, too...
Ask away, but I'm afraid I don't know a lot about him myself.
A meticulously choreographed "chance meeting..." Sampo is pretty good at orchestrating unexpected encounters, and he always leaves a lasting impression.
According to him, that's the gift of a businessman.
Hehe, I hear that question a lot — seems like he owes everyone something. That's why he never discloses his whereabouts.
When people need him, he appears, and when people really need him, he disappears. Sampo's first and second laws of motion.
...I'm a doctor, not an informant! Very well, what's the question?
Wildfire is a volunteer grassroots organization. Like I said, you can think of it as the Silvermane Guards of the underground.
They've taken on the duties of the Guards: maintain safety and order in the Underworld and compete with Fragmentum corrosion for living space.
Wherever there is hardship and a cry for help, there is Wildfire.
...You can always find them.
Okay, take care, and make sure you look after yourself.
Hey Seele, and... Sampo's guests. So, it looks like you've already met.
I haven't seen Oleg. The miners said they saw him take a group further in.
Miners and their family members. They want an explanation from the instigators.
This area up ahead is a vagrant dwelling, but they've sealed off the entrance. I guess they're afraid that angry miners might try to take revenge.
*sigh* I heard that many were injured in the clashes, so I hurried over here to see if I could help.
I heard that the miners had been having violent clashes with local thugs, with significant numbers of wounded. I hurried over to see if I could help.
You see these people? They're all miners and their family members. They want an explanation from the instigators.
This area up ahead is a vagrant dwelling, but they've sealed off the entrance. I guess they're afraid that angry miners might try to take revenge.
Oh? You look fine to me. Sorry, I need to prioritize the wounded. There have been violent clashes between the miners and local thugs in the last few days — many people are injured.
You see these people? They're all miners and their family members. They want an explanation from the instigators.
This area up ahead is a vagrant dwelling, but they've sealed off the entrance. I guess they're afraid that angry miners might try to take revenge.
I heard that First Mining Team found a Geomarrow vein with incredible deposits... The initial estimate put it at the largest discovery in the last thirty years.
Well, they weren't in a hurry to make it known. Most of the mines have been contaminated by the Fragmentum — many people are out of work. They were afraid of being overwhelmed if they let the word out.
But the vagrants here have keen eyes — they couldn't keep it hidden from them. Some local gangs wanted to profit from the situation, so they blackmailed the mining team for hush money... and that was the final straw.
*sigh* ...I can understand your thinking. It's just that the underground is in difficult straits...
As it happens, that's exactly the law we have down here. But the vagrants have their own custom: See it, share it.
And that's how the clash started. Now both sides are dealing with heavy losses.
So, are you guys here to help resolve the conflict?
Haha, I believe we're dealing with kind-hearted people here, Seele.
As you've all seen, the situation down here is... strained. If you can, we really would appreciate you helping the people.
It's too dangerous to go alone. Get Oleg to send someone with you.
Easy, Seele, maybe they can help.
Haha, I'm grateful.
Hey, come on now, Seele's got a sharp tongue but a soft heart. She didn't mean anything.
Haha, oh yeah? Well look at you swaggering in like the protagonist in your own story.
Here's the situation: The clinic is packed full of people injured in the mines incident. Since you helped us resolve things, Seele and I have been busy caring for them.
As you know, the underground is lacking resources to begin with. Add on the sudden nature of the incident, and it's no surprise that the clinic is almost out of medical supplies. We need to acquire more... somehow.
...Easy now, Seele. Anger isn't good for one's health.
Seele and I actually aren't from here. We both come from an industrial town to the north. A few years ago, the Fragmentum began to seep into the town center.
I used to manage an orphanage and clinic there, but after the Fragmentum corroded the area, I had no choice but to move here to Boulder Town. After all, I have to survive myself if I want to save more people.
—Seele's lack of outright rejection means she approves of you, hehe. With you all accompanying her, my mind will be more at ease.
Come. Let me give you a list of materials we need.
The place you are going to is called Rivet Town. Follow the path through the mountains to the north for a bit and you'll arrive there.
Let me think... I'm almost out of metal plates and bandages used for immobilizing broken bones. There's a market in the center of Rivet Town. Residents left behind piles of materials there when they evacuated. Please look for some there...
Oh! Also, rubbing alcohol. I kept a bunch at the orphanage, since the kids often got into tussles. I didn't bring it with me when I left... I hope it's still intact.
...Lastly, painkillers. There should be a bunch stored in the old lab. Hopefully they haven't been destroyed by monsters...
These should be enough to get by for a bit longer. Be careful. Don't push yourselves too hard.
I know it's not her first rodeo, but the thought of her taking on those horrid monsters... I can't help but worry.
Well, she grew up before my eyes after all. I don't want anything bad to happen to her.
I know, but she grew up before my eyes after all. I don't want anything bad to happen to her.
Seele has been like this since she was little — impulsive and eager to be the best. For people who don't know her, they might find her... difficult...
But you can trust her, even with your life. Stick around a bit longer and you'll see what I mean.
Hook? What are you...
I remember giving you Junjun. I haven't seen this fella in years. Where did you find him?
Be honest with me, Hook.
*sigh* You say that every time, and then...
...What am I going to do with that girl.
You shouldn't indulge her, outsider. Uh-uh, I know it's difficult to tell Hook "no," but sometimes it just has to be done.
Junjun... so she gave her bear a name, huh?
Yeah, I've lost count of all the dolls I've made. Still, Hook clearly likes this one a lot.
I've lost count of all the dolls I've made. To be honest, I wasn't expecting her to like this one so much.
It was an award I used to give the kids in Rivet Town for "good behavior." Can you imagine what an orphanage is like with so many difficult children? I had to come up with a solution to get them to behave.
Hook pretended to be well-behaved for a month in order to get Junjun. She ate on time, slept on time — even stopped fighting with the other kids...
Of course, as soon as she got her award, she went straight back to her old self.
I'm afraid you have no idea how much she suffered that month.
Hook has an uncanny ability to rally people to her cause — both adults and children. It's a skill alright, and forcing her to be well-behaved puts a lid on it.
...Well, this teddy bear has sure been through the wars. Don't worry, I'll help Hook repair Junjun, but I'll need to find some stuffing...
W—Wait, look at the eyes...
They must be... erebus? Strange, I didn't notice when I sewed them on...
I'm no appraiser, but these two gems look to be high quality.
I think I must have been — it's not every day you sew precious gems into a teddy bear. Honestly...
Let's talk later. Go and find Hook, she can't have gone too far...
*sigh* That girl... I'd barely gotten two sentences out.
Ugh, please don't say that...
There's no shortage of surprises in life.
Well, our war torn bear here just became a priceless doll. Not bad, Junjun.
Oh! It's them!
Cocolia? In order to save Belobog, she... I see.
...Thank you. I can't even imagine what you've been through up there. I'm just glad everything turned out alright.
What about Seele?
Good... I'm so glad you're all okay.
"Breathe freely..." That's been our wish all along.
Thank you. Choose whoever you like. Wildfire will take care of the rest.
Roger that — you can leave the rest to us. If everything goes smoothly... this should be Wildfire's final mission.
Oh, is everyone alright? Thanks for your help.
Haha. Sometimes face-to-face communication is more meaningful, don't you think?
Now we just have to wait for the official news. I hope Bronya doesn't keep us too long.
I think they'll be fine... Plus Svarog's devotion to Clara is even greater than his hostility to Wildfire. If you're worried, you could look for them over at the robot settlement.
You made it... I thought you were about to miss out on a moment of history.
Haha, I don't know how much of a celebration we'll be having... but I know Hook and Clara will be pleased to sit with you.
Hehe, I smell it too.
For Oleg and I, not to mention the other adults, reopening the passageway means rediscovering old ways of living — a return to "normality..." Survival is no longer the top of the agenda...
But for the children who were born into this era, who grew up in this isolation... this will be a new life altogether.
...Once you've tasted freedom, it's difficult to accept a life of separation and isolation. Those of us whose childhoods were marred by tragedy... we must strive to do better for the next generation.
I'm sorry, here I am talking your ear off again. This is a day to remember. We should welcome it with smiles.
If you have time, talk to the folks here — every one of them will tell you about their excitement. Then, when you're ready... let's "go home."
That's not a ceiling, Hook... that's the sky.
...You're right, Oleg.
It's funny... The moment I boarded the cable car, my mind was filled with everything I wanted to do on the surface...
But now... I just want to sit down, zone out, and watch the people coming and going... and let the day just pass me by...
...So she's your sister. The Landau family is full of talented young people I see.
So... you're also saying the Guards want to work with Wildfire and use our reputation to win back people's support, correct?
If that's the case, I've got a question for you:
Since this offer comes from those who left us to our fate for more than a decade... how would you react if Wildfire refused? Hmm? Would you use force?
...That's an answer I can accept. Oleg, what do you think?
I agree. Tell Bronya that Wildfire will work with the Silvermane Guards on security matters. However, things aren't simple down here — please also tell her to draw up plans in case the situation demands—
...Understood. We'll be counting on you.
I see... Thanks for bringing me up to speed. The clinic has been busy while you were gone. We've treated many people — soldiers and civilians alike.
All in all, I owe everyone a big thank you. It would've been much harder if Wildfire had operated alone.
Thanks to Captain Gepard, we managed to keep our losses to a minimum. I'm sure people will begin to appreciate the Silvermane Guards after this battle.
Haha, how could I forget about you two? We couldn't have done it without your help.
Sounds like you went through a lot of danger... Are you hurt, Miss Serval? I can have a look if you like.
Looks like you guys have the situation under control. Thank you.
*sigh* I'd love to sit down and chat with all of you, but I still have a backlog of patients to see.
Oh, there was a girl and her brother who said you saved their lives. You might want to check on them and see how they're doing.
Seems a little out of the blue, but since you came all this way, it must be urgent. Go ahead.
That's a lot of information to take in. Sorry, both of you — I know you're in a hurry, but I need a moment to think.
I've thought about it, and... Well, if I were Bronya, I wouldn't sign it.
I won't deny, the offer on the table is a very tempting one... and if we refuse, Belobog will not only have the burden of a huge debt — we may also incite the wrath of a very powerful force...
...but even so, a quote I read back in school came to me just now: "Those who are willing to give up freedom for security will end up with neither."
Living in the Underworld has taught me that this phrase is true. I'd rather trek through the frigid Snow Plains than live in a beautiful cage.
"Those who are willing to give up freedom for security will end up with neither."
I hope Bronya takes these words seriously.
According to my patient records, there are a few that haven't come for their follow-up visits. It happens from time to time, but never as regularly as this. I'm a bit concerned...
Have you heard of the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society?
Mm, I agree.
Generally speaking, mutual aid societies like these allow patients to share their experiences and support each other. It's a way of countering all the negative emotional effects of being ill... But there might be more to this society than that.
I've got a few patients who've started refusing treatment since joining the society... It certainly makes you wonder.
The most suspicious part is that no matter how much I ask, no one's ever willing to tell me anything about it... and that's where you might be able to help.
...It sounds dangerous, but what I want you to do is actually very simple. Investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out what exactly they're up to.
...That won't be necessary, but it will help if you pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
Hmm... Pretend to be a patient. Help me investigate this so-called "Mutual Aid Society" and find out exactly what they're up to.
If I find out they're preventing me from doing my job... or if they're bringing harm to my patients... I won't just sit on the sidelines.
This little clinic has huge numbers of patients to deal with every day... If I didn't have you here to help me out, I wouldn't be able to focus on giving them quality care.
...
So the mutual aid society found my bro— ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
...As a doctor, I don't accept that — I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
...
So the mutual aid society found my bro— ...Vache's research results... and now they're selling this so-called "wonder medicine" to patients...?
Any organization doing something like that is interested in more than just "mutual aid..."
I'm not surprised. They'll know that I'm completely against them using this "wonder medicine..."
...As a doctor, I don't accept that — I'm responsible for their well-being. My attitude towards this "wonder medicine" won't change.
What Vache left behind is nothing more than reagents and experimental by-products... The word "medicine" doesn't apply here.
I warned the patients countless times, but it seems like they had their heads in the sand all along... No wonder they kept the mutual aid society a secret from me.
I'm guessing the patients you met weren't exactly singing my praises, which is why you tracked the dealer down and made inquiries first.
If you're curious about Vache's wonder medicine, you should ask some of the patients in the clinic... see what they have to say about the effects.
...I still haven't worked out how to convey it to you, the issues surrounding Vache. My relationship with him... the things he's done in the Underworld... it's a long story.
I see... I can understand that.
Once you've understood her situation, come back and tell me what you think. After that... I want to ask for your help again.
By the look on your face... I'm assuming you've come to understand the wonder medicine all too well.
...
Be it Vache or the mutual aid society — forces like that can take full advantage of the... the typical Underworld state of mind.
There was once a brilliant Overworld doctor with unmatched pharmaceutical skill.
The doctor was set on developing a medicine that would steel the human body against the cold. He named his research project "Blizzard Immunity."
But his research met with obstruction time and time again, the biggest factor being a lack of test subjects. Tampering with the human immune system carries huge risk, and nobody in the Overworld was willing to submit themselves to such experiments.
As such, the doctor got in touch with his sister in the Underworld... claiming that he wanted to support the medical effort below ground.
...Naturally, his sister was overjoyed. After all, as far as medicine was concerned, her brother had always been the standard she'd strived to attain.
She brought her brother underground and entrusted him with her clinic and laboratory...
...I think you know what comes next.
Issuing free medicine to the needy was just Vache's way of conducting experiments on his test subjects.
On some level, his reagents were able to alleviate the patients' suffering... but nothing more. They would forget their pain for a while, and neglect their regular treatment plans...
The result... patients with mild illness would attribute their recovery to the so-called wonder medicine, while patients with serious illness would quickly deteriorate... and sometimes die.
That's why I want you to help me recover all the wonder medicine. Are you willing to take on this assignment?
...But it's impossible to sit on the sidelines, right?
This will be hard for the people that have come to rely on the wonder medicine... but it's up to us to remove this false hope.
You mustn't hesitate — recover every last reagent that Vache left behind. I'll take responsibility for the consequences — don't worry about that.
"...Money-maker"?
So you admit it, then? You're not in this to save lives. You're in it to get rich.
...Selling fake medicine with false kindness. You should have expected trouble to find you sooner or later.
I have a responsibility to protect the well-being of my patients... or to put it another way: I must eradicate any and all threats to them.
You're right, I can't save everyone alone... but if I must, I would sacrifice food and sleep to treat them.
The debt that Vache owes to the Underworld rests with me. All I can do is help everyone to the best of my ability... to the very end.
...I'll take that as a compliment.
I'll find a way to dispose of Vache's leftover reagents. Next time the "Mutual Aid Society" wants to whip up a quack cure? They'll be out of luck.
Let's go back to town. I still owe those patients an explanation...
Correct. That medicine is a wolf in sheep's clothing — Wildfire has cut off the supply chain.
Your ailments need rational, scientific treatment. Relying on pseudo-medicines will only worsen your condition...
I understand your anger, but as your doctor, I ask you to trust my judgment.
I will find a way to access more medical resources and help you through your struggles. If I must, I'll get help from the surface...
...
Mm... I'm okay. If I were in his shoes, I may well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
Don't let your emotions get the better of you. If I were in his shoes, I might well have had the same reaction. Now I need to focus on treating the patients, and dispelling their doubts.
...Let's leave it for now. I'll feel a lot better once I've gotten rid of this mess that Vache left us.
...Now's as good a time as any to tell you Vache's whole story.
If there's anything you want to know, don't hesitate to ask.
No... but I used to think we were so close that we may as well have been...
I actually grew up in the orphanage. It wasn't until I was adopted by an Overworld family that life changed for me.
My adoptive mother always saw me as her own flesh and blood, and Vache loved me like a sister... that is, while we were still young.
My adoptive parents belonged to a prominent medical family — as kids, we were exposed to all kinds of medical texts. When we were older, both of us got straight into Belobog's medical school. We were on a path into the medical profession.
He was gentle and introverted. But when it came to work he could be absurdly obsessive... like a completely different person.
Whenever I made a mistake in an experiment, he'd bite my head off... and then a while later, he'd apologize and comfort me. He was conflicted in that way.
I didn't know he had leftover reagents in Rivet Town. I was shocked when you told me.
If you fail to make a clean break with the past, the past creeps up on you...
*sigh* That's a long story... Ever since he was little, Vache had always wanted to develop a medicine called "Blizzard Immunity."
He saw the human body's vulnerability to cold as a disease, and wanted to cure it so that humanity could survive the Eternal Freeze. If he succeeded, people would be able to leave Belobog and rebuild their homes in the Snow Plains.
To be honest, I never understood how he'd achieve that "Blizzard Immunity." But I do admire that vision and perseverance... I always chose to believe him, ever since I was a kid.
I do admire his vision and perseverance, even though "Blizzard Immunity" always seemed unachievable to me.
I knew his research in the Overworld wasn't going well. I used to write to him and ask him to come down and stay with the kids in the orphanage for a while. I thought it might help take his mind off his research.
But I was too young to know what long-term frustration could do to a person. It changed him in a terrible way...
During his stay in the Underworld, he met patients affected by Fragmentum corrosion with mild symptoms. Compared with non-patients, their bodies reacted differently to hot and cold. And that fascinated Vache.
He began to simulate mild Fragmentum corrosion, thinking that it could lead to breakthroughs in developing Blizzard Immunity.
Those reagents of his aren't cure-alls for critical illness — that doesn't exist. Vache made the reagents to mitigate the suffering of his patients in the short term — a convenient way for him to observe changes in his test subjects.
But behind my back, he had been doling out the reagents to residents who were kept in the dark. When it finally struck me that something was wrong, his terrible research had already turned him into... into a madman.
Indeed... and it all happened under my nose. How ridiculous — my judgment was clouded by trust in a loved one...
I trusted Vache with all my heart. Funny, isn't it? And pathetic.
When his experiments were exposed, I spent a long time with Oleg discussing how to handle the aftermath.
This was shortly before the Underworld was sealed off — there were hardly any Silvermane Guards remaining. We spent ages trying to find a way to handle Vache.
In the end, Oleg suggested that we banish him and permanently deny him access to the Underworld.
Had his victims found out the truth, Vache would've been torn to pieces by furious Underworlders. I was young and weak at the time — Oleg must have worried about how I'd react to such a scenario, or he wouldn't have suggested banishment.
*sigh* Looking back, it wasn't. He deserved much worse...
...I hope so. The day I learned the truth was the day I no longer recognized my brother.
Oleg and I took Vache to the Overworld. He made his final request to us: to take him outside the city to the Snow Plains he'd always wanted to conquer.
His figure gradually disappeared into the snow curtain... I've been telling myself that Vache is dead ever since.
Let's call it a day. Thank you for cleaning up the mess my brother left behind. Here — for your trouble.
I want to thank you again for recovering the wonder medicine. It meant a lot to me.
But disposing of Vache's reagents isn't enough to solve the medical supply shortage. Many of my patients can't be seen promptly, and my stock of medicine is running low.
Thanks to you, the route to the Overworld through the Furnace Core has reopened. I'd like to use it to return to the surface and see if I can get some help.
I knew you'd be interested.
Remember my adoptive parents I mentioned to you a while ago?
After the reopening of the Furnace Core passage, I had an idea. I wrote a letter and asked Sampo to deliver it to my parents' old address.
I didn't have high hopes, but amazingly, Sampo brought me my mother's reply.
Hehe, that's exactly what I thought when I got her letter.
No, I recognize my family's handwriting. We are all doctors after all.
Mom said they still live at the old house, but they're not working on the front lines anymore. They should still have some connections in the medical school and the hospital, though.
If I'm lucky, maybe I can convince them to send extra medical supplies to the Underworld.
Of course, that's not the only reason for me to go back to the surface... I can't wait to visit my parents again, and I can tell from my mom's letter that they feel the same.
...Wonderful, that's such a relief.
I've sent another letter to my mom telling her to find us near Fountain Plaza. Don't worry, I know my way around the Administrative District.
...this place doesn't seem to have changed much from what I remember.
...Oh, there you are. Sorry, I got distracted watching the crowds.
We're a little early. I've got an idea...
Flowers, huh?
That's a great idea. I've been underground for so long, I almost forgot what flowers smell like.
A play... hmm...
Sounds fun, but there's a chance it won't suit my mom's taste. Let me think...
Oh, yes! I remember there was a florist in the Overworld. How about we head over that way?
I've been underground for so long, I already forgot what flowers smell like.
Workshop? I'm not too sure about that... Let's see if we have other options.
Eversummer... Was that always the name? Seems I was too young to get the irony back then.
...Sorry, don't mean to sound cynical. Maybe it simply represents the people's hopes up here.
Now that I think about it, sending flowers is quite the tradition in my family. Mom, dad, Vache, and I... whenever something good happened, we sent each other flowers to celebrate.
Each year for their anniversary, my dad would send my mom a bouquet of Ball Peonies wrapped in red paper.
I heard that Ball Peonies represent "love that knows no end..." It does fit their marriage.
My father is a famous surgeon in Belobog. Because of his fame, people in medical circles paid great attention to his surgeries... He always had a lot of stress to deal with.
Each time he finished a tricky operation, my mom and I would buy a single stem of Sunshine, then pin it on the chest pocket of his apron.
Sunshines represent "warmth and love of light..." For patients on the verge of death, my dad might have been the only light to penetrate the darkness around them.
Vache... Out of everyone in my family, I think he probably appreciated flowers the least.
Still, I remember the day he received his offer from the medical academy. My parents took me to the florist and we bought him the most expensive Marquise stem in the shop.
When we gave him the flower, he failed to hide his smile. You can't imagine how hard it was to get him to smile.
As an orphan, I never knew my birthday. My adoptive parents took me to the Overworld and made the day I joined the family my birthday.
Each year on that day, my parents would give me a bouquet of First Snow. The number of stems represented how many years had passed since I joined the family.
I only found out later that First Snow represents "beautiful memories." My parents gave me a beautiful childhood, and I still haven't had the chance to thank them for that...
...You're right, not the best moment for distant memories, I don't want to waste your time.
To me, every flower carries a different meaning — it would take me ages to decide.
Don't worry. I don't think my parents will be picky about the flowers they get. Quick, that florist is looking at us.
Oh, hey {NICKNAME}. I thought you went to choose some flowers?
Or... did you want to hear some family flower stories?
Mom!
It's been too long, mom... too long.
Sorry, I don't usually get this emotional... How have you been, Mr. Oswell? Thank you so much for taking care of my parents these last ten years.
...Dad? I was wondering where he is. Is he...
Ah...
...
I'm so sorry mom... I'm so sorry. For ten years, I left you both in the Overworld. Mr. Oswell, I'm sorry you had to bear all this weight.
...
Mom... I have so much to say to you, but there's an urgent matter that needs your help.
I apologize. I wish this were a happier reunion... but there are too many suffering with sickness in the Underworld. You're the only person I can go to for help.
...
She's always been there for me.
With her help, we'll be able to ease the Underworld's medical supply shortage. That's good news for patients who'd lost hope.
I really wish I could spend the whole day talking to her about the old days. But sadly now is not the time.
Mr. Oswell? I thought you headed back home with mom. How come...?
Something that mom isn't supposed to know?
...What? Letters from Vache? Are you certain, Mr. Oswell?
I don't understand — did you not show them to my parents?
...
...Do you have the letters on you, Mr. Oswell? Let me take a look.
...
"The cold has revealed to me my arrogance. How can a child who grew up in warmth ever begin to comprehend a cure to bitter cold."
He... Vache didn't give up on his research into Blizzard Immunity... even after he left the city.
"I live in abandoned houses under broken roofs and continue my experiments. One step after another, I've made breakthroughs. I'm trembling, not because of the cold... but because I can feel I'm getting closer to the answer I seek..."
If what's in here is true, then Vache must have built a lab somewhere in the Snow Plains... and even made progress in his research. But how can that be...
There'd be no point in him lying to me in the letters. Still, it's possible he may have gone completely insane before he started writing them...
It's possible. But what if he was still sane when he wrote this down...
Vache... It's been so many years. Are you still alone in the blizzard...?
Such harsh cold... It's hard to imagine anyone surviving in these conditions.
Unless Blizzard Immunity is real...
Here, this looks like lab equipment. Maybe Vache left it behind.
Still, it's all just used test tubes, beakers, and other vessels. No sign of any sample reagents, or lab notes for that matter...
I know my brother he's — meticulous when it comes to medical experiments. There's no way he wouldn't document his results.
I know my brother he's — meticulous when it comes to medical experiments. There's no way he wouldn't document his results.
*shivering* Gosh... The temperature keeps getting lower... but we can't give up halfway.
Hehe, no need. Don't you underestimate the leader of Wildfire.
Hehe, that's very kind of you. Don't you underestimate the leader of Wildfire.
This may not sound like me, but... I hope that deity the Architects worship can grant us some luck.
That's a Silvermane Guard. Is he yelling at us?
My brother does wear an identical necklace... Do you know him?
Saved... your soldiers?
Medicine... Blizzard Immunity...
So he really did have a breakthrough in the Snow Plains...
Did the medicine have any side effects for you?
...
Thanks for the information. We're planning to head deeper into the Snow Plains to find my brother.
Thank you, captain. We'll take it with us.
Hold on! That's a big guy over there.
Did you see that? There's something on the monster's back.
Oh, the Blizzard Immunity. Shall we drink it? It's your call.
So warm...
That was my first time seeing you in battle... you've got some moves, don't you? No wonder you were able to save the Underworld.
Let's have a look over there. My gut tells me we should find something connected to Vache...
These are... records of his experiments.
His last experiment was nearly two years ago. What happened after that? His notes seem to suggest he was working to improve Blizzard Immunity.
Brother... where are you? What happened...?
...
Sorry, I needed to take a moment.
After seeing the letters Mr. Oswell kept for me, I was hoping things might've ended differently. I shouldn't have asked you to come with me to such a dangerous place.
...I do.
...He was my family, and someone I used to look up to.
I can't forgive him for what he's done. But nor can I say I don't miss him...
I... maybe I should feel glad. The medicine might not have been what he wanted it to be, but it came to something... Maybe he found some inner peace...
...You're right. There can be no forgiveness for the crimes he committed. He didn't deserve the title of "doctor."
...They'll remember him as a murderer... as someone whose evil experiments brought great harm to the innocent. Vache doesn't deserve to be remembered as a "doctor." I know that very well.
But maybe this Blizzard Immunity can now bring benefit to others... even if it was made by a monster.
Human beings really are conflicted life forms...
I'll take his records and data with me and continue what he started. One day, the world will see a perfect Blizzard Immunity.
...That should do. Hope it can withstand the snow.
You're right. Let me think...
I don't know. It's just something that suddenly occurred to me.
People write things on headstones, right? Let me think...
"...Here lies Vache, my brother."
So long, brother. Hope you don't forget dad's teaching.
"A doctor does not get to choose his or her patient, my children. Remember, never say no to those who come to you for help. Never."
All done? May I have a look?
Ball Peonies...
I knew you'd pick the right flowers. Mom and dad will be so happy.
Let's go, my mom will be there soon. Best not to leave old folks waiting!
Sunshines...
Marquises... Expensive...
First Snow...
It's okay, I understand. You must have some important things on your plate? Don't let them get ahead of you.
Oh, it's you... It looks like the conflict is over for now. Thank goodness, if the numbers of wounded had kept climbing, I don't know what we'd have done. If only he'd have been here...
...Now's not the time for those thoughts. I need to focus on treating the injured.
You've done enough. Treating the injured is doctor's work.
So if you're not hurt yourself, you should go back and get some rest. Relax, if I need your assistance, I won't hesitate to ask.
...Could you pretend like you didn't hear anything? Now's not the time.
The same to you and your friends. You've just arrived and already helped resolve such a sizable conflict. I don't know how to thank you.
You'd best get some rest back in town.
I've taken care of your wounds. I'm running short on medical supplies these days though, so behave yourselves and stay away from trouble, you hear me?
Don't pretend you didn't hear that, Hook, I'm talking to you!
...You are gonna spoil that kid.
I'm glad we're on the same page. We can't just let this kid do whatever she wants.
That's enough for now. I'll say this one last time, Hook: If you cause any trouble again, I'll take Diggertron away. Do you understand?
The Boss of The Moles should stick to her word. I have patients to take care of, see you later.
...Well, passing the buck is one way to handle this.
Those kids better not have taken advantage of the chaos to go on an expedition.
Hook does always talk about wanting to go on a Rivet Town adventure... this could be bad.
Hehe, that's our Seele. Nothing if not punctual. So, did you find any usable supplies?
Let me see... metal plates, gauze bandages, painkillers, rubbing alcohol... Perfect, that's everything I needed.
Huh... It's just, there are less painkillers than I'd expected. Did someone break into the storage room?
...Clara?
...If she was there too then... I understand. She wants to look after the injured vagrants, right? Clara's always been a kind-hearted girl...
I think you made the right decision. Still, it means I'm going to have to draw up a detailed dosage plan.
Um, no need. I'll handle the clinic. I assume you three have more important things to be getting on with, right? Oleg will be waiting, not to mention your two companions.
I'm sure they won't mind, they seemed in good spirits.
No worries, I hope things go smoothly.
Hah, how can you put up your best fight without a doctor on the battlefield?
All of you, stay focused. I'm right behind you.
C—Clara? ...You...
No, Seele.
Our battle... their battle... it's just beginning.
The Furnace Core... The path to the surface is close at hand now.
Well, you should really be thanking Sampo. If it weren't for his intel, we wouldn't have made it in time.
...I, um... I haven't been truthful with you...
As Wildfire's leader, I couldn't simply look on while you fought on our behalf. We had to come help.
Oleg has always acted on my behalf — he helps me deal with all manner of problems in the Underworld.
Thanks to him, I'm able to make time for the people. I do my best to make sure that they have everything they need... At the same time, I was formulating a plan to deal with Svarog.
Your arrival unraveled that carefully crafted yet rudimentary plan, hehe... and for that, you have my utmost thanks.
When the Underworld recovers its freedom, the people will indeed extol you as heroes.
A person is defined by their actions alone... I think that's how the saying goes? If the Underworld recovers its freedom, the people will see you as heroes.
You have Wildfire's full support.
However, even though Svarog is no longer sealing off the Furnace Core, there's no way that we undergrounders could go pouring onto the surface.
That cold-blooded supreme guardian has used lies and tricks to keep the surface separated from the underground. If she detects any change in the Underworld, I don't know what she might resort to...
As for Wildfire, we need more time to build up our strength.
No, but we need to wait for the opportune moment. In the meantime, I'm sending someone I trust to go with you.
Of course, there's no doubt about that. So, I'll be sending someone I trust to go with you.
Didn't she tell you? In private, she insisted on accompanying you.
Don't let her carefree nature fool you — she's actually very discerning, and can read a situation like no one else.
Seele is a talented scout and a quick thinker — she takes decisive action. She'll definitely be able to help you. Not to mention... you also have Bronya now.
It seems like the intel we got from Svarog caused her a significant shock... but with Seele by her side, I know she'll recover.
You're right, but with Seele by her side, I know she'll recover.
Health is everything — you won't be much use if you neglect yours. Let Wildfire take care of the Furnace Core for now. You head back and recuperate.
If you're lucky... perhaps tomorrow you can return to the Overworld.
Don't be surprised. My job is just to help everyone make the right calls.
You remember Rivet Town? When the Fragmentum corrosion first appeared, we were defenseless. We didn't have a clue how to protect our homes.
After we fled to Boulder Town, I made up my mind: A tragedy like that could never be allowed to happen again. That's why I gathered Oleg and the others together, and created the first sparks of Wildfire.
Afterwards, Wildfire began to grow. To be honest, I never thought a day like this would come.
What do you mean? That's me too, y'know. The "me" that my patients see, at least.
Our identities are like masks. When we switch between them, we change the way the world perceives us.
But our hearts never change.
Well, we don't want to act in haste before the situation has stabilized. We need to wait for the right time.
Ten years of being sealed away has sapped the Underworld's vitality. Now that the Furnace Core is no longer blocked off, we need to prioritize the people and replenish our resources.
Wildfire has never been in this for its own gain. Everything we do is for the citizens of the Underworld. That passage is a means to an end, not the end itself.
We'll leave them be... Svarog may have blocked off the Furnace Core, but he's provided shelter to the vagrants from the beginning. An admirable deed.
There are many homeless people in the Underworld. If they had safety and security, they wouldn't have to struggle to survive.
Wildfire can provide that while Svarog is recovering.
Things have settled for now, you should rest while you can.
Oh, your teddy bear? Hehe... He's nearly done. Here, take a look at him.
...The auction, the one at the vagrant camp?
The auction... right Hook? The one at the vagrant camp?
...You've been spending too much time with Hook.
So you made me go through all this effort to repair Junjun just so you could sell him...?
Hehe, you two make an adorable duo.
I was only joking, Hook. Junjun is yours, and it's entirely up to you what you do with him. But you must make one promise to me...
Don't go charging into the Fragmentum again. Mr. Fersman heard about what you did and came to me to find out what happened.
Your dad worries about you — stop giving him reasons to.
Off you go then, and good luck.
Hook, what's wrong? Has someone been bullying you?
So... the auction didn't go too well, huh?
It's true. It's ridiculous that a single probe can fetch 750 shield.
You made a very high bid... The problem is that there are a lot of wealthy people lurking in the Underworld.
Hook, you're upset that you don't have a gift for your daddy, right? Well, what about this?
I wasn't planning on saying anything... but I saw a couple of very sad-looking faces in the crowd.
What do you think, Hook? Are you willing to buy the Geomarrow Probe from me?
Let's have a count. Hmm, doesn't seem to be enough...
Three months.
Ah-uh, no bargaining.
Hook, you look very happy. Did something good happen?
*sigh* You rascal... You only come and find me in situations like this.
Deal. I can't believe you won such a valuable item. Junjun must have fetched a small fortune, huh?
Even with the erebus, you must've put in a lot of effort to get such a good price?
Fersman will be very happy with his gift.
Luka... can you hear me?
Don't worry, Seele. Like I said, it was just the exhaustion. Svarog was deliberately holding back.
Don't be ridiculous, Luka. Still, whatever your motivation was, I hope you can find a different outlet for it.
...Slow down — you haven't completely recovered. Seele, don't pressure him... let him rest.
...Let him go, Seele.
If you must, Seele. Try not to worry... I don't want to see you two fighting.
It's easy for Luka to get ahead of himself sometimes... but I've never seen him this headstrong. It does make me wonder...
Could you ask Oleg how Luka's been recently? I haven't seen much of him lately — it's hard for me to get the full picture.
Don't let small things get in the way of your friendship.
Not so long ago, I was still wondering whether I'd ever see Belobog's sky again. Now, I'm on a train coasting through the universe...
...Sorry, it's so beautiful outside... I got a little lost in thought.
I almost thought I'd slipped into a fairy tale...
I'll come and have a seat here more often, if you don't mind.
When I stand aboard the Express, I can feel that you and I are really the same — manifesting our own futures in this universe to the best of our abilities.
Mm, everyone's working hard for the bigger picture...
I believe I'll have lots of happy memories here.
It's just like waiting for Belobog's skies back then... When I stand aboard the Express, I can feel that you and I are really the same — manifesting our own futures in this universe to the best of our abilities.
Mm, everyone's working hard for the bigger picture...
I believe I'll have lots of happy memories here.
The last time I was out in the field, there was a crying child. I'd seen him before many times at the clinic — he'd heard all my usual stories... But that day, no matter what I said to him, he wouldn't listen.
So I told him about the Express, and eventually he stopped crying and started asking so many questions.
Can you see the Express in Boulder Town? Why does it fly in the sky? Who is the conductor?
Actually, I didn't need any answers — he made them all up himself.
"The stars exploded, and the Express has to go everywhere to pick up all the pieces, and that's why it flies up in the sky."
"The Express has lots of Express friends, and it wants to find them and play together."
...Imagination is the source of all existence. Children need only their imagination to understand the Express.
Then next time I'm back in Belobog I'll tell them I boarded the Express, and I'm sure they'll give me a hundred different explanations of how it happened...
"The stars exploded, and the Express has to go everywhere to pick up all the pieces, and that's why it flies up in the sky."
"The Express has lots of Express friends, and it wants to find them and play together."
...Imagination is the source of all existence. Children need only their imagination to understand the Express.
Then next time I'm back in Belobog I'll tell them I boarded the Express, and I'm sure they'll give me a hundred different explanations of how it happened...
The vast universe and Jarilo-VI... How could you ever get tired of such an incredible view.
If only there was a way for me to preserve this moment and show it to the kids back home.
Haha, kind-hearted as usual. It's just...
Haha, that won't be necessary — I can't imagine March reacting well if her camera went missing. Besides...
I could, but...
Phones and cameras capture great beauty, but it never compares to what we see with our own eyes.
For the children in the clinic to truly know the feeling of this view, they'd have to be here to see it themselves.
Phones and cameras capture great beauty, but it never compares to what we see with our own eyes.
For the children in the clinic to truly know the feeling of this view, they'd have to be here to see it themselves.
Vache... if you had the chance to stand here and watch Jarilo-VI from afar...
Do you remember us walking through the Snow Plains?
This view is nothing like the views in Belobog... If my brother were still alive and standing here on the Express, I wonder what he'd make of all this.
Hehe, I agree... It's hard not to be.
*sigh* ...That sounds like him alright.
Mm, I don't blame you for that. A disregard for human life doesn't exactly endear you to other humans...
Vache spent his life looking for ways to push past the limits of the human body... but he met a bitter end.
He never realized that human fragility is also the greatest driver of our accomplishments. Our bodies never conquered the cold, but our minds ensured that we never had to. Now we travel the stars...
Human beings really are conflicted life forms...
Vache spent his life looking for ways to push past the limits of the human body... but he met a bitter end.
He never realized that human fragility is also the greatest driver of our accomplishments. Our bodies never conquered the cold, but our minds ensured that we never had to. Now we travel the stars...
Human beings really are conflicted life forms...
I'm thinking... If I have the chance, I'd love to travel with you and see what lies beyond Jarilo-VI.
Hehe, that's nice of you.
It's just, people in the Underworld still need a doctor...
Hehe, you're right. People still rely on me as their doctor.
Still, I'm looking forward to the day I can join the crew. I'd like to see how other civilizations fight diseases and what Belobog could learn.
Of course, if there is a day when the Underworld doesn't need a doctor like me anymore and everyone lives happily ever after...
... then perhaps there won't be any reason for me to go on the journey with you after all.
I'm looking forward to the day I can join the crew. I'd like to see how other civilizations fight diseases and what Belobog could learn.
Of course, if there is a day when the Underworld doesn't need a doctor like me anymore and everyone lives happily ever after...
... then perhaps there won't be any reason for me to go on the journey with you after all.
So, the children in the clinic heard the story of you and the Express, and immediately insisted on sending a gift to the hero of Belobog.
I say "gift," but it's more like bits and pieces the kids cobbled together. Still, I hope you like it.
Traveling between the stars... Even an adult like me can't help but find it captivating, let alone the children.
It's a shame they're too young to board the Express. Still, your stories of space adventures always put a smile on their face.
So, do let me know when you have more stories to share. I'm sure the kids will love them.
I got here a little late, but I watched your duel with Luka — it was amazing!
When I heard the kids at the clinic talking about this "game," I thought they were just making things up again...
...but after seeing it for myself, I can totally see why people are so taken in by it.
This game allows people to work on themselves, or form strong bonds by teaming up with others. Harmless rivalry is a great way for people to settle their differences.
*sigh* ...Come on, those toys of yours aren't that dangerous.
Tell me the truth Sampo — what are you gonna do about the Overworld girl?
You're a bad liar, Sampo Koski.
What are you up to, Sampo? Why do you insist on getting caught up in Overworld affairs that have nothing to do with you? If it's a whole lot more attention from Wildfire you want, you're going about it the right way.
Which is why you've set them loose in the underground?
*sigh* That girl... get her back as soon as possible, then don't let her out of your sight. The underground has been sealed off for over ten years now — the children won't even remember what overgrounders look like. If a girl in a Silvermane Guard uniform suddenly shows up...
...what would Wildfire do with her? What would they do with you?
...Hey sleepyhead, looks like you're awake.
How are you feeling? Any aches or pains?
Good. You were out for a while, I was beginning to worry. You were saying some strange things.
...I hope you're joking, hehe... That's either an interesting metaphor, or you hit your head.
I bet, you were mumbling something about "Stellarons" and "wishes"... I couldn't make sense of it.
...
Let's have a chat then...
What are a Captain's duties?
My name is Bronya Rand, heir to Belobog's supreme guardian and acting commander of the Silvermane... Apologies, I'm used to introducing myself like that — you can call me Bronya.
I had a nightmare last night... S—Sorry, I'm not fully awake yet.
I'd like to walk around a bit more... Don't worry, I won't go far. See you tomorrow.
Sometimes I feel like I don't represent myself... that I'm a symbol in human form, and anyone could have been given the title of "heir to the supreme guardian." I don't know where the feeling comes from, but I hope it doesn't become the truth.
The Architects built us a fortress to keep the blizzards at bay, but we must never forget that those blizzards are still on the horizon.
The faint singing that emanates from Golden Theater, the sound of hurried footsteps in the early morning, the night-time tranquility of Qlipoth Fort... I know they might seem contradictory, but I like all of them.
You have to suppress your anger during an interrogation, or you might find yourself using... indelicate vocabulary.
When you've been on the front line for a while, you start to get an overwhelming urge to return to the guardian's residence and rest. But then as soon as you're lying in bed, all your worries about the front line come to the fore... Perhaps that's the "responsibility" that mother used to talk about.
I heard the Solwarm Festival was first established to celebrate the arrival of spring, but Belobog citizens these days just see it as a few days off... I want to bring the original meaning back again.
Captain Gepard...? I think he could accurately be described as Belobog's iron wall. In this city, it's more difficult to defend than go on the offensive.
I remember I'd be there when mother and the rest of them would convene, and Serval would always patiently answer any questions I had... *sigh* I'm starting to feel like that was a long, long time ago.
Whenever I praise her, she does her utmost to keep a straight face and hide any trace of happiness she might be feeling... I can tell, because I've practiced the same thing.
I have deep respect for my mother, but she's no longer how I remember her. Perhaps I never realized who she truly was...
The third child of the Landau family, right? I've heard Gepard mention her before, but I've yet to meet her. From what I've heard, "Lynxy" — as they call her — is very smart for her age.
The future of Belobog shines bright.
Feeling good. I must stay focused.
Thank you... I will stand firm for my people.
A brilliant strategy.
No showing off, Seele! Listen to my orders.
I'll be needing a combat report, Pela.
Bring us another victory, Captain.
I appreciate the help of the Astral Express.
There's always a weakness.
Powerful enemy, time to change tactics.
This battle is unavoidable.
A decisive moment in the battle.
Evildoer.
The time is now. Lend me your strength!
How troublesome.
I mustn't fall...
We've entered the storm.
To guard and defend, crush them!
We must... protect...
I won't waste this chance.
Your assistance is timely.
Show your courage.
We shall take back what we lost.
Ample supplies.
First-rate supplies.
The design is exquisite.
The enemy situation has changed.
If there's nothing pressing, let's take a walk.
You'll pay for this.
It's now or never. Fight with me!
This will keep us well-stocked.
Well done.
My name is Bronya Rand, heir to Belobog's supreme guardian and acting commander of the Silvermane... Apologies, I'm used to introducing myself like that — you can call me Bronya.
I had a nightmare last night... S—Sorry, I'm not fully awake yet.
I'd like to walk around a bit more... Don't worry, I won't go far. See you tomorrow.
Sometimes I feel like I don't represent myself... that I'm a symbol in human form, and anyone could have been given the title of "heir to the supreme guardian." I don't know where the feeling comes from, but I hope it doesn't become the truth.
The Architects built us a fortress to keep the blizzards at bay, but we must never forget that those blizzards are still on the horizon.
The faint singing that emanates from Golden Theater, the sound of hurried footsteps in the early morning, the night-time tranquility of Qlipoth Fort... I know they might seem contradictory, but I like all of them.
You have to suppress your anger during an interrogation, or you might find yourself using... indelicate vocabulary.
When you've been on the front line for a while, you start to get an overwhelming urge to return to the guardian's residence and rest. But then as soon as you're lying in bed, all your worries about the front line come to the fore... Perhaps that's the "responsibility" that mother used to talk about.
I heard the Solwarm Festival was first established to celebrate the arrival of spring, but Belobog citizens these days just see it as a few days off... I want to bring the original meaning back again.
Captain Gepard...? I think he could accurately be described as Belobog's iron wall. In this city, it's more difficult to defend than go on the offensive.
I remember I'd be there when mother and the rest of them would convene, and Serval would always patiently answer any questions I had... *sigh* I'm starting to feel like that was a long, long time ago.
Whenever I praise her, she does her utmost to keep a straight face and hide any trace of happiness she might be feeling... I can tell, because I've practiced the same thing.
I have deep respect for my mother, but she's no longer how I remember her. Perhaps I never realized who she truly was...
The third child of the Landau family, right? I've heard Gepard mention her before, but I've yet to meet her. From what I've heard, "Lynxy" — as they call her — is very smart for her age.
The future of Belobog shines bright.
Feeling good. I must stay focused.
Thank you... I will stand firm for my people.
A brilliant strategy.
No showing off, Seele! Listen to my orders.
I'll be needing a combat report, Pela.
Bring us another victory, Captain.
I appreciate the help of the Astral Express.
There's always a weakness.
Powerful enemy, time to change tactics.
This battle is unavoidable.
A decisive moment in the battle.
Evildoer.
The time is now. Lend me your strength!
How troublesome.
I mustn't fall...
We've entered the storm.
To guard and defend, crush them!
We must... protect...
I won't waste this chance.
Your assistance is timely.
Show your courage.
We shall take back what we lost.
Ample supplies.
First-rate supplies.
The design is exquisite.
The enemy situation has changed.
If there's nothing pressing, let's take a walk.
You'll pay for this.
It's now or never. Fight with me!
This will keep us well-stocked.
Well done.
My name is Bronya Rand, heir to Belobog's supreme guardian and acting commander of the Silvermane... Apologies, I'm used to introducing myself like that — you can call me Bronya.
I had a nightmare last night... S—Sorry, I'm not fully awake yet.
I'd like to walk around a bit more... Don't worry, I won't go far. See you tomorrow.
Sometimes I feel like I don't represent myself... that I'm a symbol in human form, and anyone could have been given the title of "heir to the supreme guardian." I don't know where the feeling comes from, but I hope it doesn't become the truth.
The Architects built us a fortress to keep the blizzards at bay, but we must never forget that those blizzards are still on the horizon.
The faint singing that emanates from Golden Theater, the sound of hurried footsteps in the early morning, the night-time tranquility of Qlipoth Fort... I know they might seem contradictory, but I like all of them.
You have to suppress your anger during an interrogation, or you might find yourself using... indelicate vocabulary.
When you've been on the front line for a while, you start to get an overwhelming urge to return to the guardian's residence and rest. But then as soon as you're lying in bed, all your worries about the front line come to the fore... Perhaps that's the "responsibility" that mother used to talk about.
I heard the Solwarm Festival was first established to celebrate the arrival of spring, but Belobog citizens these days just see it as a few days off... I want to bring the original meaning back again.
Captain Gepard...? I think he could accurately be described as Belobog's iron wall. In this city, it's more difficult to defend than go on the offensive.
I remember I'd be there when mother and the rest of them would convene, and Serval would always patiently answer any questions I had... *sigh* I'm starting to feel like that was a long, long time ago.
Whenever I praise her, she does her utmost to keep a straight face and hide any trace of happiness she might be feeling... I can tell, because I've practiced the same thing.
I have deep respect for my mother, but she's no longer how I remember her. Perhaps I never realized who she truly was...
Our first encounter may have been a bit of a disaster, but it was also the start of a new future... Haha, if Seele heard this she'd probably say I was giving one of my Overworld princess speeches.
The third child of the Landau family, right? I've heard Gepard mention her before, but I've yet to meet her. From what I've heard, "Lynxy" — as they call her — is very smart for her age.
I'm sure Jarilo-VI won't be the only planet to have IPC visitors, but I bet not all of them will have a visitor like Topaz...
...But that's a meaningless sacrifice, how can you—
...
Yes, mother.
I am Bronya Rand, acting commander of the Silvermane Guards. In the name of the {RUBY_B#Qlipoth}Amber Lord{RUBY_E#} in the highest, and under order of Supreme Guardian Cocolia Rand, I hereby arrest the suspected infiltrators under the charge of plotting to incite rebellion.
As agent of the supreme guardian, I herewith temporarily strip you of your freedom of action and speech. When you are tried by the adjudication panel, you will be given the opportunity to defend yourselves against the accusations.
Resistance will prove futile. You must come with me.
...Escaping into a Fragmentum. I don't know if they're overconfident or just eager for death. It would seem that mother's judgment was correct...
...
The supreme guardian's order was to arrest them. We cannot abandon our pursuit just because they fled into a sealed off area. I must ascertain their fate with my own eyes.
Eradicate all threats to Belobog's security... that is what I must do.
People of Belobog — hear me!
Today we gather here to celebrate our victory... but it was a sacrifice made by a mighty guardian that delivered us this opportunity. She dispelled an evil that cost us 700 years of suffering... and in the process, she paid the ultimate price.
The sacrifice of Cocolia Rand ushers in a new chapter. The blizzard beyond the walls will die away and the offensives of our Silvermane Guards will begin to contain the Fragmentum's advance.
In the far north, I witnessed with my own eyes the struggle between the late supreme guardian and the evil power that sought to destroy us. In her last moments, the supreme guardian told me her greatest regret...
...The order to seal off the Underworld from the Overworld. With the passage of time, she gradually came to realize the consequences of that decision... Although tortured with guilt, she could not undo the damage.
In her final moments, she wanted us to mark the Stellaron's end by reuniting Belobog. Overworlders and Underworlders must embrace the dawn of a new age... together.
People of the Underworld, I dare not ask for your forgiveness — I now know the reality of your decade of suffering...
But I want us to work together. We know that without your perseverance and hard work, Belobog will not recover its former glory... and the seed of civilization will not be preserved.
...And on that note, I'd like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to a few guests of the city.
Most of you were not aware of their arrival... but it is thanks to them that our world now flourishes with hope.
They made me realize that while we remain focused on "preserving" the ground beneath our feet, we should not forget to look up into the sky.
I firmly believe that with the determination of everyone, our world, the world the Trailblazers call "Jarilo-VI," will no longer be alone among the stars.
But before we accomplish that goal, I humbly ask you to follow me into the future...
I, Bronya Rand, the nineteenth guardian of Belobog, hereby take my oath...
Sorry, I know the invitation was very last minute... but I needed to get the news out as soon as possible. The longer people waited, the more rumors started to swirl. The situation risked spinning out of control.
Yes, I'm fine now. Don't worry.
My mother... she tried to force the voice of the Stellaron into my head... It was a terrible feeling. I don't know what would've happened if you hadn't shown up.
She was there. She just made sure no one could see her.
Seele is still new to the vastness of the Overworld — she feels uncomfortable in a big crowd... I'll help her adjust to life here.
It was all just a bunch of palatable lies. I hope you never have a similar experience, March.
Mm... I'd prefer to be honest with the people... but I also want to preserve their hope.
...Which means the Fragmentum has already taken root by this point. Even though the Stellaron is sealed, we won't be able to reverse the damage immediately...
I know. Our ancestors wouldn't have risked using one if they'd had other ways of avoiding calamity.
No... No need for apologies.
Besides, I agree with Mr. Yang. Ultimately, the fate of Belobog is in the hands of its own people...
In that case... as a leader, I must give you a promise of the same weight.
We will hold out with everything we have until the day you Trailblazers return. Even if it takes another 700 years, the children of Jarilo-VI will look up to the sky with hope in their hearts.
So long, my friends. May the Preservation bless your journey.
If you walk with your head down and your heart full of fear, your steps will grow heavier and your spirit will suffer.
But if you find something to look up to and move forward with hope, then your steps will grow lighter... and if you should fall, you'll be on your feet before you know it.
...Thank you for teaching me this, Trailblazers.
...I understand your circumstances, Serval. I respect your choice.
It was my mistake to make an unwarranted request without considering your own wishes.
Allow me to offer you my apologies... I hope you don't take this matter to heart.
I get it, Serval. After all, you and mother...
...Sorry, I don't mean to open up old wounds...
...but there's something I need to ask you.
This guitar... I found it after going through mother's old things.
She was never a music lover, so... I thought this might be connected to you...
Huh?
...Of course. I—I'm sure there's a story behind it, but that's between you and mother — I won't pry.
I hope you have an amazing journey, Serval. Do remember to visit home when you get the chance.
You kidnapped me and brought me to the underground. What is the meaning of this?
The Silvermane Guards aren't "living the easy life." We are constantly engaged with the enemy — defending Belobog from the scourge of attacking monsters... and protecting all those above and below the surface.
The Madam Guardian has her reasons...
Good, I've been wanting to come face to face with the leader of the Underworld.
They're getting ready to attack! Those miners are unarmed.
I'm going too. We can't let these thugs get away with whatever they like!
...A "guardian of humanity" that can... command robots? I've never heard of anything like...
Seeing it up close... this vein's even more spectacular.
...
Stop right there... I... won't allow you to insult the madam guardian.
...
...I will arrest you under the supreme guardian's decree. Nothing has changed.
I am not your friend...
...
...There's... something wrong with you.
...I saw you the day before the Goethe Hotel. Gepard took you to see mo— ...the supreme guardian. He told me you were visitors from beyond the sky.
Just like the interstellar travelers of ancient legend — people of all kinds that carried the will of the Aeons.
Gepard said that you wanted to help us reverse the damage that the Eternal Freeze and Fragmentum continue to wreak on our planet... but that night, mother summoned me, and ordered me to take a detachment to arrest you.
What happened? The supreme guardian didn't tell me the details and Gepard had to rush back to the front line... I don't understand...
...
...
...
The Silvermane Guards withdrew to the surface long ago... I must avoid that identity here.
Until we're back in the Overworld, I propose a temporary truce and cooperation. Your true intentions are of interest to me...
If it helps you to trust me, I'm willing to answer your questions to the best of my ability.
Let me repeat — all I received were the supreme guardian's instructions. It is for the adjudication panel to pass judgment on the accused.
...All the supreme guardian told me was that your identities were counterfeit, and that your intention was to overthrow the rule of the Architects.
Truthfully, I've never heard of this Stellaron.
But if all this catastrophe could be brought to an end simply by sealing it, then I hope its existence proves to be real.
Fragmentum monster activity on the surface intensified, and hostilities on the front line were critical. To resist the invasion, the Architects had no choice but to redeploy the Guards to the front line.
...If we couldn't hold our defensive line, then we wouldn't be able to maintain our supply of aid to the underground, which would have collapsed without us. That was the supreme guardian's explanation.
In truth... I've always felt like something important is being hidden. Whether it's the Architects, mother, or Silvermane Guards, there's always an... unnatural element to their actions.
Since encountering you, the unexpected seems to have arrived in waves. I never thought I'd enter the Underworld that has been sealed away for so long...
I have a feeling that with you, I can pick up the lost threads... and dispel my uncertainties.
Mm, we should be going to see Wildfire. Let's move.
I'll keep watch.
Not really, though it wasn't the friendliest conversation. We didn't see eye to eye on everything.
I've come to know a great deal in a short time — I doubt I'll be able to fall asleep tonight.
I wouldn't be surprised if there are... the Silvermane Guards have a lot to make amends for down here.
If someone had made a stand in the outset... and explained the consequences to Madam Cocolia... Forget it. It's meaningless to talk about it now.
You don't need to worry about me. Oleg guaranteed that I wouldn't be harmed. He seemed like a man of his word. Go and rest.
Who goes there? Show yourself!
...It's you. Don't sneak up behind me next time. Lucky for you I wasn't armed.
No sleep for you either, huh?
I understand. The more that weighs on your mind, the more your fears become dreamscapes.
I know what you mean. I don't like the feeling that I'm not in control. And now...
...You need someone to look after you.
Actually, seeing as there's no one around... can I ask you some things?
This {RUBY_B#Source of the Disaster}Stellaron{RUBY_E#} you speak of... if you were to find it, how sure are you that you could stop the Eternal Freeze?
Your confidence actually makes me even more worried... This isn't like helping a child make a snowball.
I see... Well, thank you for being sincere. In itself, it's a comfort to me.
Is he your leader? I feel he possesses a great stillness of mind in everything he does.
You know, it was difficult for me to believe you. Some of the words you use are too alien for those that have lived their entire life in Belobog.
As far as I was concerned, Madam Cocolia's order to arrest you sounded reasonable... but why didn't she issue it straight away?
She must have realized something about you... Something I haven't yet been able to perceive for myself, and it bothers me...
What must have transpired to cause her such a drastic change? ...Still, orders are orders. It's not for soldiers to question their superiors.
I don't need you to absolve me. The truth is, I didn't have every confidence that I was doing the right thing, but the sense of duty to carry out an order is bound to prevail with me.
I don't need you to remind me, and I didn't have every confidence that I was doing the right thing. But the sense of duty to carry out an order is bound to prevail with me.
In the past, Overworld soldiers on the front line would lose their lives in droves, and yet the Fragmentum's advance would remain unaffected.
Madam Cocolia decided on a last-ditch offensive. She thought that if the surface fell, the underground would immediately collapse without source of supply. However, in the reverse scenario, humanity would hold out longer.
Nevertheless, that was her reason for deploying all the Silvermane Guards to the front line. The transport line for supplies and Geomarrow remained open, but the passage between the surface and the underground ceased. I approved of that decision...
I never thought that the Underworld would sink into such ruin without the Silvermane Guards... Perhaps mother was wrong...
But how can I change her mind? I've tried, but she won't listen. I don't know how to get through to her...
Help me change the mind of the Madam Guardian? Not easy. Nobody knows that better than I do.
You mean...
...What was I thinking!? No... I shouldn't... That was a diabolical thought!
The more I think about it, the more disoriented I get, which in turn makes me think about it even more... I just want a better life for the people of Belobog...
...Maybe you're right, or not. Right now I just... need more time to think.
Walk with me. Let's forget our problems for a while.
We're just having a walk. Neither of us could sleep. You can rescind your baseless accusations.
Go to a corroded town to collect some useful resources? I'm in.
You want to come as well? But you look quite tired.
People's lives are at stake. Why wouldn't you want another person to help? Besides, I have some experience with the Fragmentums. I'm sure I will be of use.
I can't remember the last time I went for a walk like this. I never thought I'd take one through such a strange place, with someone I'd only just gotten to know.
It's so quiet here I'm not used to it... *sigh* The quieter things are around you, the louder they are in your head.
I'm surprised the vagrants in the Great Mine go after the mining teams, they must be desperate.
Still, whatever their situation, a crime is a crime. *sigh* How is the law supposed to find a balance between justice and compassion in the face of such complexity...
I'm sorry, I said I'd forget such problems for a while... And, as expected, here they are keeping me company.
Wildfire... I don't know anything about them. In all my time above ground, I never heard of this organization.
But their leader seems like a reasonable individual. Oleg and I have our differences in understanding, but we respect each other's opinion.
Is that... Seele?
If we hadn't happened to be passing by... were you really planning to go into the Fragmentum alone?
So reckless... According to the rules of the Silvermane Guards, any expedition into the Fragmentum must have a squad of at least four members, as well as a communications officer.
...That sounds nice.
Oh! No, sorry. Life in the Underworld is difficult, I shouldn't be speaking about it so lightly.
Right... Uh, what I meant was... I kind of envy you, Seele.
For as long as I can remember, my days have been an endless cycle of studying, etiquette lessons, and training.
Every day all I hear is "Remember who you are, Bronya," "This is against the Architects' Admonishments, Bronya," "Ladies shouldn't use such foul language, Bronya"...
...Some may envy this kind of life, but I have felt... trapped. When every choice and every goal has already been made for you... You probably can't imagine how that feels.
...
In the name of the Architects, I shall stick this spear into your nostril!
No, no, that won't be necessary.
I've heard from some Silvermane veterans that before the orders were made to seal off the Underworld from the Overworld, there was no difference between the two places. Everybody ate the same food, chatted about the same topics, celebrated the same festivals...
Even though times are different now, things like the joys and sorrows of life, the ties between people... These precious things must certainly still connect us all.
If there is a way to bridge the gap between the two worlds, we can definitely go back to the time when you and I were not divided. When we could stand side by side against the Eternal Freeze and the Fragmentum.
Thank you, Seele. Your trust is very important to me.
...Yes. I thought I was prepared for anything, but...
As long as I am the guardian's successor, those truths will come out sooner or later. But why does my mother hide it from me, and why does she want me to hunt down the outsiders who know about the nature of the Stellaron... It just... it doesn't make sense.
I've thought it over. There's only one thing I can do — go ask her directly.
I've already thought it through, Seele. I am Madam Cocolia's daughter. That will never change.
Be it my duties as her heir, or a Silvermane Guard, I must face my problems head-on. Even if...
This is for you, Seele. Please help me pass it on to the outsiders. If... If I'm unable to see you again... They'll know what to do.
Then I'll be waiting for you.
So... did you come to this spot when you were a child?
Mother, I have returned.
No, there's no need! I don't want to see Sebas right now. Sorry, mother...
I'm fine, really. I just got into a few skirmishes down in the Underworld, but nothing I couldn't handle.
After the failed pursuit at Backwater Pass, the wanted outsiders and I were somehow taken to the Underworld.
Because of the difficult situation we were in, we formed a temporary alliance to help the residents of the Underworld resolve a few... issues of survival.
We also defeated an ancient robot known as "Svarog," and learned some truths... about the Stellaron.
Madam Cocolia, it is my firm belief that the visitors from beyond the sky are not the villains we had imagined before.
I witnessed them take up arms in the name of justice, and risk their lives for the sake of others. I can also ascertain that they did come for the Stellaron, but only to relieve the disaster it has brought upon Belobog.
Mother... you've always known the truth about the Stellaron, haven't you? The responsibility of bearing that truth will fall upon me one day. Such is the burden of being guardian — to carry these secrets for eternity.
So... I ask you to forgive my defiance, but I believe that the order to dispatch the outsiders was a mistake. To solve the problems brought on by the Stellaron, the Architects waited hundreds of years, and those outsiders may be the... the—
...!
—They are not scum!
My entire life, everything you ever kept from me... I remember it clearly now. This time... this time I'm standing my ground, Madam Guardian! And please, stop dismissing me with vague excuses.
Tell me what you have seen. What exactly it is you are hiding... Why do you send the Silvermane Guards to die in the Fragmentum? Why have you abandoned the people of the Underworld? And why... why did you have that sudden change of mind?
Yes. I am ready... Mother.
There's no need to keep either of you in the dark. To tell the truth, I've too much weighing on my mind right now to even think about the Solwarm Festival.
Mm... Since you've already made her acquaintance, I needn't explain who she is.
I'm sure you heard pieces of Belobog's history the first time you visited — the Legion's invasion 700 years ago, how the Stellaron brought about the Eternal Freeze...
It seems that much of Belobog's history from that time was buried deep beneath the snow. Those memories were lost and weren't passed down to the subsequent generations of Supreme Guardians.
Yes... I'm afraid so.
According to her account, the repayment period agreed upon by the Architects and the IPC investors was... 280 years. However, less than a century after the loan was taken out, the connection between Jarilo-VI and the rest of the galaxy was completely severed.
The IPC deemed that the disaster had caused irreparable damage and that there was no civilization left to reclaim the debt from. As such, they considered the owed sum permanently lost...
...It wasn't until the Stellaron crisis was resolved that the IPC discovered that Belobog had survived...
...And the interest.
An astronomical amount. I don't even know how to read such a long string of numbers.
The debt owed is an astronomical amount. I don't even know how to read such a long string of numbers.
Before you both arrived, Topaz warned me that if payments were delayed, the IPC would give her the authority to employ "strong measures."
You seem to have a deeper knowledge of the Interastral Peace Corporation than I do, but if the records are accurate and they truly have a presence throughout the galaxy, the IPC could crush Belobog like a bug if they wanted to.
I'm glad you're both here — I know you came for the festival, but now...
...Now I must ask you and the Astral Express for help. Do you think you could persuade Topaz to reevaluate the situation? The Express' reputation precedes it, perhaps there's still hope...
Thank you so much, both of you. I'm so sorry for dragging you into more trouble.
While you're out looking for Topaz, I'll see if I can think of a strategy to deal with the situation. Best of luck, and stay safe.
While you're out looking for Topaz, I'll see if I can think of a strategy to deal with the situation. Best of luck, and stay safe.
Topaz shared with me the story of the Stellaron's descent upon Jarilo-VI — how the original outsiders stationed here foresaw the impending disaster and chose to leave in large numbers.
Among those outsiders were several investors from the Interastral Peace Corporation. Before they departed, they did something noteworthy...
They sought out Architects who refused to leave — those who insisted on defending their homes. The IPC provided these Architects with significant funds to aid them against the coming disaster.
It was with those funds that Belobog was able to construct its immense walls... Even the initial funding for the development of the first batch of automatons was drawn from the same pool.
According to her account, the repayment period agreed upon by the Architects and the IPC investors was... 280 years. However, less than a century after the loan was taken out, the connection between Jarilo-VI and the rest of the galaxy was completely severed.
The IPC deemed that the disaster had caused irreparable damage and that there was no civilization left to reclaim the debt from. As such, they considered the owed sum permanently lost...
...It wasn't until the Stellaron crisis was resolved that the IPC discovered that Belobog had survived...
...You've made yourself clear, Miss Topaz. I'll require some time to consider my next course of action.
Topaz shared with me the story of the Stellaron's descent upon Jarilo-VI — how the original outsiders stationed here foresaw the impending disaster and chose to leave in large numbers.
Among those outsiders were several investors from the Interastral Peace Corporation. Before they departed, they did something noteworthy...
They sought out Architects who refused to leave — those who insisted on defending their homes. The IPC provided these Architects with significant funds to aid them against the coming disaster.
It was with those funds that Belobog was able to construct its immense walls... Even the initial funding for the development of the first batch of automatons was drawn from the same pool.
Welcome back. I appreciate your help more than I can express — it couldn't have been easy running all over the city.
I'm fine, I just... I haven't rested in a while. There's just too much happening all at once...
Perhaps, but the IPC won't wait for me to catch up.
They're moving quickly. Belobog is crawling with their agents — all they talk about is "asset evaluation."
The silver lining is that apart from the mine incident you mentioned, there haven't been any major conflicts in other areas. I suppose Topaz must have issued an order against harassing the citizenry.
Still, that hasn't stopped panic from building... People are confused — they don't know where these strangers in black came from, nor what their intentions are.
That's the reason I asked for you to come here. I need your advice.
Look...
...The contract Topaz sent to me a little while ago. There's a handwritten letter attached.
Please, take a look at the contents... and then tell me your thoughts.
I'm inclined to agree... It's hard to imagine she wrote that letter just to deceive me.
Yes... she is a high-ranking member of the IPC, after all. She knows how to use words to her advantage.
I agree, but it struck me as an honest letter — I found the contents quite moving. It's hard to imagine she'd write something like this just to deceive me.
In any case, she wasn't wrong when she said this would be an extremely difficult decision.
This planet's fate, the civilization it carries, everything that has happened here and everything that will happen... it all rests in my hands...
This definitely can't — and shouldn't — be a decision made by me alone.
Topaz hasn't given me much time to consider. She wants me to decide as soon as possible.
I wanted to put it to a vote, and let all the citizens of both the Overworld and the Underworld have their say. But with such little time, I'm afraid that's a lost cause.
I'll convene the Qlipoth Fort Architects immediately to discuss the contract. As for the locals, I'd like you to gauge their stance on the matter.
The people of Belobog hold both of you in high regard. They'll most certainly be willing to tell you their thoughts.
Yes, we need to move fast.
Thank you, March. I'll assemble the ministers. Let's meet up again here later.
But... aren't you—?
Miss Himeko? From the Astral Express? I—It's an honor — thank you for all your help in our previous... campaign. Things might have turned out differently without your support.
If we'd known of your arrival beforehand, the Architects would have given you a proper welcome. I'm afraid the current circumstances are quite exceptional...
Information? Please, tell me what you know, Miss Himeko.
You mean...
I understand... Thank you, Miss Himeko. This information is of great help.
Regardless of how alluring their promises may be, this contract is nothing more than a gamble. As leader, I cannot let the future of Belobog hinge on a roll of the dice.
Astral friends, I have an idea. But for it to work, I'll need everyone's cooperation.
I need some time to rally all the residents in the city... and then I'll meet with Topaz again.
Please locate her for me. It doesn't matter where she is or what she's doing. And if the IPC is still trying to take over Belobog's assets, I ask that you do everything in your power to stop them.
Belobog's future is not for sale, and we'll never forget the friends who stood by us in our time of need — not once, but twice.
Stay safe, everyone.
Stop! All of you! Put down your weapons!
I would never do such a thing. There was an important matter that required my attention.
Yes. I think you'll understand the significance once you see it... In short, I need you to help us evaluate our current progress.
I have read your letter word for word, Miss Topaz, and your childhood experiences truly touched me.
Your hometown once experienced a similar catastrophe to Jarilo-VI, so I can understand your perspective on the issue and the position you have taken.
It's because of this empathy you have, that I still hold out a glimmer of hope. Despite all that's happened, I hope we can still find common ground... through peaceful means.
I understand. That's why I've been taking things one step at a time. The first step was changing your mind.
Members of the Express, we'll need your help, too.
I thought you might.
It's called the Engine of Creation. Do you remember it?
Miss Topaz, I know you've done a lot of research into Belobog. I was wondering if there was any information on the Engine of Creation in your records?
I may know the reason why. The Engine of Creation was constructed solely by the people of Belobog, without any external assistance.
The project was led by the first Supreme Guardian — Alisa Rand. While warriors fought on the front lines, the engineers worked tirelessly behind the scenes, designing and constructing it...
Yes, but not entirely.
The Engine of Creation was commissioned for combat shortly after its completion and played a significant role in the battles against the Legion.
But Alisa Rand had a long-term vision, one that nobody anticipated. For a long time, this feat of engineering was codenamed the "Geological Reconstruction Unit."
It was actually given a much grander purpose: to help the Belobogians rebuild their homeland and restore their world to its former glory... after driving away all those who threatened it.
Thank you, but I didn't really do anything.
All I did was bring the people of Belobog together and make them aware that our hard-earned freedom was under immense threat once again.
If we want to preserve this freedom, we must act and show those who doubt us that we, Belobog, have the will and the ability to control our own destiny.
The outcome of our mobilization speaks for itself. The children of Belobog have made their decision. They have chosen to preserve this homeland with their own two hands.
Then, are you willing to retract your previous decision? As for the debt... we'll find a way to gradually repay it, but it'll take some time...
So... what's the verdict? What do the people think?
I see... I suppose everyone has their own way of seeing things. I can't say I'm surprised.
...What was Seele's perspective on the matter?
...I should've known. That sounds like Seele alright.
It's pretty much the same situation here. Neither party is willing to compromise.
The time has to come to make a decision... This chaos cannot be allowed to continue any longer.
Miss Topaz, you mentioned accountability...
Hehe, I'm glad we're able to discuss some lighter topics.
Miss Topaz, if you need somewhere comfortable to stay...
North... as far north as we can go.
Yes... This is where we put an end to it all...
That's right.
Kyle, sorry for the delay. Are we clear to proceed?
Excellent. The mountain road ahead is a little treacherous, watch your step.
...Let's go.
I'm sorry you didn't get to experience the festival atmosphere this time around... I promise I'll make it up to you all next time.
Mm, we've only recently discovered this domain.
Let's keep moving forward. What I want to show you is just ahead.
Even though it has suffered Fragmentum corrosion, this is still part of Belobog. It was our home. The Guards know this place like the back of their hand.
Enough cat and mouse — drop your weapons and come with me.
My orders are to arrest you. It is for the adjudication panel to present you with the nature and penalty of your alleged crimes.
...The Madam Guardian investigated your backgrounds.
She summoned me last night to tell me that you had deceived her. Your identities and purpose here are counterfeit. You seek to overthrow the rule of the Architects.
Publicly insulting the supreme guardian only elevates the seriousness of your crimes. Throw down your arms and surrender!
Intruders, give it up! You will be guaranteed a fair trial.
If I'm not mistaken, the two of you just rushed over here from the History and Culture Museum? I appreciate your coming here on such short notice.
I should have gotten involved earlier, but I was tied up with other responsibilities. My apologies for letting you take on the investigation without proper support.
...Hehe, there's no one else here, Pela — no need for such formality.
Is that so? I see.
Or maybe it's just the fruit of your efforts?
Well, on that point, we can agree.
In any case, this fiasco has been going on right under our noses for too long. Regardless of how cunning and talented the culprit may be, we must draw them out and demonstrate the resolve of the Architects.
You're familiar with many of the locals in the Administrative District, right? If possible, I'd like you to head to the city center and see if they have any clues to offer us.
Thank you both for your hard work. Did you find out anything in the Administrative District?
I see. It was the man from the Limestein family who provided the information.
Norbert... Norbert... I feel like I've heard that name somewhere before. Please, give me a moment to see if I can recall...
...Ah, I remember now. The Minister of Transportation, Noel, has a nephew named Norbert — I believe he's currently working in the Municipal Department as a transportation coordinator.
The leader of a city should be familiar with the status and division of labor of her subordinates — that's just part of the job. Norbert's position is indeed an idle one, so it's no wonder he has time to socialize with members of the Limestein family.
Norbert's position is indeed an idle one — it's no wonder he has time to socialize with members of the Limestein family.
If what Wallace said is right, then Norbert must have been missing for several days already. There must be someone who knows where he is.
Even if they want to keep the young man's secret... they'll cough it up with the right kind of encouragement.
Kyle, can I ask you a favor? I would like you to visit the residence of Minister Noel and ask around regarding the whereabouts of Mr. Norbert.
You were quite expedient, Kyle. Did you find anything out from the Department of Transportation?
Going out at unusual hours, the shopping street, could it be...
While the two of you were busy questioning people in the city, I received some tip-offs. One source said that suspicious people were recently seen sneaking around the Fragmentum corrosion zone, and that the Silvermane Guards didn't prevent them from entering.
Together with Norbert's mumblings about a "shopping street..." I think all these clues are pointing in one direction.
My apologies, I have a lot of business to attend to at present — I won't be joining you. Good luck recovering the stolen items.
Wildfire, the vagrants, Svarog... The changes in here are greater than I ever imagined. *sigh* What exactly did the Underworld go through after the Silvermane Guards left?
...Sorry, did you have something you wanted to say to me?
I think I know what it will concern. Even if Oleg wasn't looking for me, I would've looked for him.
I'm certain that the residents of the underground will have a lot they need to vent about. And as a Silvermane Guard, I have a lot that I need to ascertain. Nothing more.
According to Oleg, he's a robot that took part in the War of Defense over seven hundred years ago. He possesses a near-human intelligence, and rules over all the machinery in the underground...
During {RUBY_B#War Against the Antimatter Legion}the war{RUBY_E#}, the Architects created astonishing mechanical soldiers, but the fight was so terrible that most were damaged or destroyed. The technology was lost.
...If what Oleg says is true, then Svarog is an Architect creation leftover from the Old Era.
We do? I hadn't realized. I've received rigorous military training — coordinating with soldiers under any circumstances is easy for me...
I admit, Seele is talented. We... do work well together. But that's all there is to it.
Hey... Thanks for your concern. You should head back to the town, and... I'll do the same when Oleg and I are finished.
Is this the right way? It looks like there's a roadblock up ahead.
Robots aligned against humans? I've never heard of such a thing. Machines should obey humans unconditionally...
...
No, it's just... this place seems familiar somehow. Never mind.
Don't treat me like a new recruit. I'm all too familiar with the monsters of the Fragmentum. Let's get ready to fight!
A... restaurant?
So did she ever bring you?
The facilities here seem to be in pretty good shape, not like those of a place that has been abandoned for years.
The monsters of the Fragmentum don't need any materials we humans use. And if they did take anything, this place would look much messier...
It's just a guess, but there are also some footprints on the ground here.
Me neither... I never bring my coin purse with me on a mission.
It's just 200... but I never bring my coin purse with me on a mission.
...Not much, but I didn't bring my coin purse.
Seele! That's enough.
It's Eric, right? Here, you can have this.
This is a medal given to me by the Architects... See that blue stone in the middle? That's a Geomarrow crystal of the highest purity.
You need money for your family, right? Take this and show it to a knowledgeable buyer, and they'll instantly know how valuable it is.
But... you'll have to promise me one thing: You'll never steal other people's things again. Promise?
...Then it's a deal. If you go back on your promise, I'm going to bring my Silvermane Guards with me and catch you myself! Here, take the medal and go back to the town. We already took care of any threat on the way. You'll be safe.
Got it. Thanks for the tip.
If it will make him change his ways, it's more than worth it.
From a young age, my mother taught me to be forgiving and to preserve the goodwill in people's hearts... Even if I am but a small glimmer of light in this world, I must try my best to shine brightly for others.
I must give him a chance, Seele, because other people can't.
These shops and signs... Why do I feel like I've seen them before?
But when...?
These stairs... they seem to have become more narrow.
These crates have been sitting here for many years, right? Even if they have materials in them, are you sure they are still usable...?
Careful! Enemy behind you!
I've only seen this kind of monster before in the restricted zone...
...It wasn't my imagination.
This building, this playground equipment... I've seen it all before.
...Yes, it's a possibility. That would explain why my memory of it is so blurry.
Come on, I need to look around a bit more before I can be sure...
You should still check the expiration date for things like rubbing alcohol. If it's expired, it won't be effective.
This is...
This is... something from when I was a child.
No, I remember now...
There is no such coincidence in this world. I remember now...
Yes. I remember now...
I—I used to live here... B—Before the Architects took me away, before Madam Cocolia adopted me... I used to live here! I'm... an undergrounder.
Yes. I'm the successor chosen by the Architects. In the future, I will become the guardian who leads Belobog.
Why... Why didn't I remember this until now? My childhood memories are so blurry...
No, mother would never do that to me... there's no way she would.
The Architects said that the guardian's successor is selected from among all people in Belobog. The selection process can take anywhere from a few years to a few decades.
During that time, all children of the appropriate age in both the Overworld and the Underworld will be tested. In the end, only one child deemed as "worthy" will be chosen.
I... must have been chosen from among the children here and then taken to the surface...
...I don't think she knows. The selection of the successor is done with utmost secrecy, and the child chosen must completely say goodbye to their past.
And thus... I became the daughter of Madam Cocolia. My only identity is that of guardian successor, but I'm... not good enough...
Every day I see Silvermane Guards sacrifice their lives in the Fragmentum, but I've never had the resolve to change mother's mind.
The Underworld has been struggling, but I never tried to help. I didn't even know that it was my own home that had fallen into such a dire state...
In the end, I haven't been able to guard anything. How could they have thought I was worthy to be the successor...
...Huh?
I... What?
You're right... You're right, self-pity doesn't help solve anything.
Thank you, Seele. Usually when I feel sorry for myself, I am met with gentle consolation. Never has anyone dared to be tough and make me snap out of it.
...As the successor to the guardian of Belobog, I must always be vigilant of my behavior and thoughts.
Okay, I'll indulge in old memories with you for a while.
Are you leaving? This old town is too dangerous. We'll accompany you part of the way.
Understood. Be careful, though.
What is this? ...A brooch?
And why give it to me?
But didn't someone work hard to make this? I can't just take it from here...
What's up here? Some kind of toy?
Hm... blue.
Teeth marks?
...How boorish.
This swing is covered in dust... Hey, don't sit on it! It's filthy!
...Who knew swinging could be so intense?
So dangerous... You're lucky to have lived till now.
So you guys aren't that close after all? I thought you were sworn friends.
*yawn*
Aren't you? We didn't get any rest last night.
The Underworld is still a part of Belobog. If Svarog's existence constitutes a threat to the people here, I will of course stand with you.
Is that a secret code or something?
It feels like the people here are all under the supervision of robots...
This would be unthinkable on the surface. Robots are merely tools in the Overworld.
Not encouraging...
It looks like this gate has a more complicated structure than the last one...
She's his "family..." Did you really forget?
Indeed. And that little girl heading into the Fragmentum all by herself... It doesn't bear thinking about.
That little girl heading into the Fragmentum all by herself... It doesn't bear thinking about.
Her strength belies her appearance, but even so...
Isn't this the robot that was following Clara around?
Shh, it's about to say something. Listen...
Does it mean that a monster appeared over at the workshop? Clara, she...
Let's go. No need to fear. We have the numerical advantage.
Clara, you said it yourself before, right? Svarog's duty is to protect the Underworld and preserve the civilization here. We have the same wish. Why would he refuse to cooperate with us?
...
It's no use, Seele. She's made up her mind. I could tell from her expression.
We will have to think of another way...
I know how you feel, Clara. You want new hope for the underground, but you don't want anyone to get hurt in the process, right?
Let them meet Svarog, and let's see if his calculation result is any different. For you, for him... there's no harm in trying, right?
It was nothing. I just... said what I truly felt.
Negotiating with robots... I can't say I've tried it before.
Clara, it's dangerous here! Find somewhere to hide!
Finally... We finally made it to this point.
No, but... I do have an aching feeling in my chest.
...
...I'm fine. I just... feel a little faint.
Why...? Why, mother...? M—Maybe she wasn't aware, maybe she...
...
At daybreak, the guardian shall be a glittering star, illuminating the people's path.
At nightfall, the guardian shall be a flickering flame, comforting the people's soul.
So many years... Have I been following lies this whole time?
...
...I just want to be clear in myself, first. These fragments of history, the teachings I studied... It's all muddled together in my mind... I just... I don't know what I should believe.
...
...You still haven't told me what this place is, mother.
...Mother, do you truly believe the Stellaron's promise? It summoned the blizzard beyond our walls and opened the door of the Fragmentum. It destroyed our civilization, it...
...
...
I don't understand... Even if the truth is as you say, every generation of guardian has resisted the call of the Stellaron...
Can all of them have been wrong, mother?
But, Qlipoth the Preservation... Are THEY not one of the magnificent entities you speak of? Is it not THEIR strength... that has sheltered Belobog this entire time?
So... the Eternal Freeze was a disaster brought about by a human wish...?
It?
Mother... I still don't understand.
The Fragmentum corrosion has already spread to the Underworld. How will those below ground fend for themselves if we withdraw every guard?
Higher mission...?
...N—No...
No... I... I don't want this...
...Seele?
Seele, all of you...
...
...
Madam Cocolia... I am grateful to you for raising me, and for allowing me the privilege of choice.
But... I am sorry, mother. On this, our final occasion, I cannot stand with you.
You say that conceit and cowardice lie in the depths of human nature — perhaps you're right... desperation sheds light on the darkest recesses of the heart.
...But what about those simply struggling for survival, fighting for something better? I've witnessed their light on the front lines, in the Underworld... in places you have overlooked.
Our ancestors built this city — striving in the bitter snow to prolong our civilization. Even if this world is doomed to fall apart, we should allow humanity to pave the way to its final outcome...
...Not hand over our fate to this seed of ruin!
We are guardians, mother! Chosen from among the masses! Our duty is to preserve the world built by humanity! We are not gods! We are not arbiters!
You seek to crush human nature underfoot while masquerading as an... as an arbiter and a god! I cannot let you!
How can we bring a giant like this down?
The will of Preservation has made its choice...
On the contrary, we know it well.
Even if we are doomed to destruction, we will go bravely, walking hand in hand into the darkness...
We'll cover you!
...
Mother... Did you wake up from that dream...?
Thank you... all of you.
This victory is only the beginning for Belobog.
Hehe, start thinking, we're going to need all the humor we can get... At least the biggest hurdle is behind us.
There is still much to do... The people will have felt the effects of the Engine of Creation. There are so many questions to answer, so many truths to reveal...
I don't know whether I can get the people to accept all this...
Can I really do that...?
Tell everyone about Mother's true motives... about a lie perpetrated for 700 years...
You mean...
...Use a lie to conceal a lie. But if I do that, then...
...Seele?
...
...Mother died to preserve Belobog.
The visitors from beyond the sky told her the secret of the Stellaron. She knew that Alisa Rand, the first supreme guardian, had failed to destroy it...
...and yet she decided to challenge its power — a power beyond human comprehension. Supreme Guardian Cocolia sacrificed herself to dispel the dark clouds enveloping this city.
...From here on out, that's the "truth" the world will hear. What do you think?
I understand, but... I must protect those that believe in the Architects...
Sorry... I'll be sure to make it up to you.
For many people, mother was an outstanding guardian... The whole truth will live on in my mind — all the mistakes, madness, evil, and dreams therein... I will be the one to carry that burden.
Now I must take over the duties of the supreme guardian... and discard my naive fantasies.
I'm sorry, Seele. Please protect this secret with me... till the end of our lives.
Thank you.
Well then, as promised, let's start rebuilding the bridge between the Overworld and the Underworld.
Seele, can you tell everyone in the Underworld that the Stellaron has been sealed? Tell them the blockade will soon be over... and they'll breathe freely again soon.
While you do that, I'll head back to the Administrative District. I need to tell Gepard... Serv— ah...
I'm... fine. I need to... hurry...
...I don't know, Seele. I feel... cold... all over.
Let's get out of here before you catch a cold too.
Although we've been through so much together, I actually know very little about the Astral Express. I'd like to start visiting more frequently if the opportunity arises.
Really? Hmm, I suppose you wouldn't... That reminds me of March — she can't remember her past. Feels like everyone in the Express Crew has a mysterious background.
I really enjoy staring out into the universe. What a vast, mesmerizing, romantic view.
I hope that one day the children of Belobog will have the same opportunity to witness the stars up close.
Warriors, adventurers, supreme guardians — we all gaze upon the same stars, the same sky... each with our own roles to play, our own independent lives to live.
The work we put in to survive may seem small in the grand scheme of things... but that doesn't mean it's not important.
She said it's coffee — an Astral Express specialty. I tried a sip, but it's a little...
Uh... I—It's hard to describe.
Um... It's a little bitter... and a little sour...
Mm... looks like I still have a lot to learn...
I'll be honest — I'd never had coffee before.
I heard this drink was once very popular in Belobog. However, the advent of the Eternal Freeze brought harsh conditions, and the soil necessary to grow the coffee beans became extremely rare.
As a result, coffee beans became a rare sight — now you can only procure them if you have the right connections. I've even heard the tales of greedy merchant guilds driving up the cost of substandard coffee beans...
I have to admit, if this is the taste of coffee... I can't help but feel sorry for those who shell out a fortune for it.
You mean...
Ahem... I understand. Looks like the Crew have similar feelings... Don't worry, I won't tell anyone.
Uh... are you alright?
I didn't even finish what I was saying...
Uhh...
*sigh* Alright then, give me a moment to mentally prepare myself.
You can do this, Bronya... You can do this...
It's just a cup of coffee... I got this...
How can you call yourself a supreme guardian if you can't overcome a cup of coffee? Ugh, it's so bitter...
Amazing. It must be wonderful to live in such warmth.
So it's the power of the Aeon? I see...
Belobog has a heating system of its own. However, maintaining a steady indoor temperature has always been a challenge, no matter if it's Qlipoth Fort or the Boulder Town clinic.
One of the problems I want to solve is tackling the heating issue without exhausting Geomarrow reserves. I've discussed this with Serval — she'll be the one responsible for handling this matter in future...
Sorry, I'm talking about work again... I should take your advice and try to relax a little.
I'm going to take a nap... just a quick one.
*snoring*
What I saw surprised me... A good number of the Architects in Belobog believe that Qlipoth is the one and only Aeon... It's clear that their conclusion was limited and lacking in perspective.
I didn't know there were so many great and mysterious beings in the universe... It goes to show just how tiny and fragile we really are.
These records remind me of something my mother once said to me — "Can civilizations built by humans really stand against the will of gods?"
Is that how you feel? I see...
Whatever the case, we must continue living, one step at a time... Most people are doing their best to survive — they have no time to ponder ancient beings hidden in the universe.
I just hope that if a disaster such as the Stellaron crisis were to happen again, we'd all be prepared for it.
Aeons, Paths, and factions... These concepts all feel so distant to me, yet their existence cannot be denied.
I wonder if Qlipoth, the Preservation, has ever glanced at us in the past 700 years — even for a second.
Uh... I wouldn't want to offend them, but um...
What I'd like to know... is Pom-Pom a rabbit that learned to speak...? Or a person that was turned into a rabbit?
Really? So my guess was correct.
Really? Seems like I got it wrong, then...
So that means Pom-Pom is just... Pom-Pom? Fascinating.
Actually, I've never seen a rabbit in real life, I've only seen pictures and read about them in books. So when I first saw Pom-Pom, I thought...
A rabbit that learned to speak...? Or a person that was turned into a rabbit?
Ah... don't mind me. I'm just talking to myself.
You all have saved Belobog from danger time and time again. We don't have much, but we'd like to say thank you with this small gesture.
With what power Belobog currently holds, we are far from being able to assist the Nameless... However, I do hope that one day we can provide you with reliable support.
I know we've had our run-ins with the IPC, but I'm hoping we can set aside our differences for once, if not just for the sake of the people...
We've been disconnected from the rest of the universe for far too long, but I really believe the festival could be our chance to reconnect with other worlds again. It's important as a host that I make all guests feel welcome.
I'll be in the crowd, cheering you on. Remember to give it your all, and most importantly — have fun!
These stars...
This is... coffee...?
This car is so warm.
Aeons... Paths...
What exactly is Pom-Pom...
I have a gift...
Pelageya Sergeyevna, Silvermane Guards Intelligence Officer, at your service. You can call me Pela.
You ready? Let's start the records for the day.
The reports look pretty normal today. You can go have some rest.
I'm good at documenting information and coming up with my analysis. Acting on that analysis is the captain's job.
People don't usually notice the drummer, but if you miss a beat, everyone feels it. I like the challenge.
I like to go to the library on the weekend and take out some... literature. Then when we're finished reading, me and my friends meet up to discuss it.
*sigh* Sometimes I practice over a dozen times before reporting to my superiors, but I still can't get it right...
There are 32 versions of my full name circulating among the troops. How do I know? I'm an intelligence officer after all.
*gasp* A new edition of the fanbook "Tale of the Winterlands?" That's one of the most sought-after series out there... H—How many copies should I get... Ten? Is ten enough...?
In all of Belobog, you won't find anyone who speaks more elegantly or acts more like a leader than Lady Bronya.
*sigh* Serval's rule is: no rules.
Captain Gepard is an honorable man and very reliable. But when it comes to his horticultural skills... all I can say is I respect his effort and wish him the best of luck.
Lynxy is one of my... Uh, Lynx is one of my... Ahem! Lynx is... one of Belobog's number one researchers, and... one of my best besties!
Finally, all contingencies covered.
Remember, Serval — don't rush the beat.
Let's do this, Lynxy!
We have the upper hand.
Do we still have the upper hand?
Commencing support.
Time to make a decision.
Enough.
This... that... Oh!
Ouch.
Eek ...Not good.
Enemy data secured.
Net markers activated -- time for a good old counterattack.
I miscalculated...
I won't make the same mistake twice.
Thanks for the support.
The combat report will be ready soon.
Inventory complete.
All in order — leave nothing behind.
Wowwww... *clears throat*
Analyze the targets before you make a plan of action.
Do you need me to formulate the next plan?
Enemy targets detected.
Ready for another?
I'll contain them!
Inputting commands... Oh!
Run...
It's received.
...That did the trick!
Pelageya Sergeyevna, Silvermane Guards Intelligence Officer, at your service. You can call me Pela.
You ready? Let's start the records for the day.
The reports look pretty normal today. You can go have some rest.
I'm good at documenting information and coming up with my analysis. Acting on that analysis is the captain's job.
People don't usually notice the drummer, but if you miss a beat, everyone feels it. I like the challenge.
I like to go to the library on the weekend and take out some... literature. Then when we're finished reading, me and my friends meet up to discuss it.
*sigh* Sometimes I practice over a dozen times before reporting to my superiors, but I still can't get it right...
There are 32 versions of my full name circulating among the troops. How do I know? I'm an intelligence officer after all.
*gasp* A new edition of the fanbook "Tale of the Winterlands?" That's one of the most sought-after series out there... H—How many copies should I get... Ten? Is ten enough...?
In all of Belobog, you won't find anyone who speaks more elegantly or acts more like a leader than Lady Bronya.
*sigh* Serval's rule is: no rules.
Captain Gepard is an honorable man and very reliable. But when it comes to his horticultural skills... all I can say is I respect his effort and wish him the best of luck.
Lynxy is one of my... Uh, Lynx is one of my... Ahem! Lynx is... one of Belobog's number one researchers, and... one of my best besties!
Finally, all contingencies covered.
Remember, Serval — don't rush the beat.
Let's do this, Lynxy!
We have the upper hand.
Do we still have the upper hand?
Commencing support.
Time to make a decision.
Enough.
This... that... Oh!
Ouch.
Eek ...Not good.
Enemy data secured.
Net markers activated -- time for a good old counterattack.
I miscalculated...
I won't make the same mistake twice.
Thanks for the support.
The combat report will be ready soon.
Inventory complete.
All in order — leave nothing behind.
Wowwww... *clears throat*
Analyze the targets before you make a plan of action.
Do you need me to formulate the next plan?
Enemy targets detected.
Ready for another?
I'll contain them!
Inputting commands... Oh!
Run...
It's received.
...That did the trick!
Pelageya Sergeyevna, Silvermane Guards Intelligence Officer, at your service. You can call me Pela.
You ready? Let's start the records for the day.
The reports look pretty normal today. You can go have some rest.
I'm good at documenting information and coming up with my analysis. Acting on that analysis is the captain's job.
People don't usually notice the drummer, but if you miss a beat, everyone feels it. I like the challenge.
I like to go to the library on the weekend and take out some... literature. Then when we're finished reading, me and my friends meet up to discuss it.
*sigh* Sometimes I practice over a dozen times before reporting to my superiors, but I still can't get it right...
There are 32 versions of my full name circulating among the troops. How do I know? I'm an intelligence officer after all.
*gasp* A new edition of the fanbook "Tale of the Winterlands?" That's one of the most sought-after series out there... H—How many copies should I get... Ten? Is ten enough...?
In all of Belobog, you won't find anyone who speaks more elegantly or acts more like a leader than Lady Bronya.
*sigh* Serval's rule is: no rules.
Captain Gepard is an honorable man and very reliable. But when it comes to his horticultural skills... all I can say is I respect his effort and wish him the best of luck.
Lynxy is one of my... Uh, Lynx is one of my... Ahem! Lynx is... one of Belobog's number one researchers, and... one of my best besties!
They charged straight in!
Should we report them as missing or deceased?
Y—Yes, ma'am.
But you can call me Pela.
...And perhaps the grownups among us could refrain from acting like children?
...And perhaps the grownups among us could remain silent? This is a children's program...
Okay guys, take a look over here: This is Everwinter Monument. It was erected to commemorate the mighty Architects.
The Architects are followers of the Aeon Qlipoth. It was they that foresaw crisis, built up our walls, and established Belobog — preserving the spark of human civilization. Even today, they are still tending to the city.
Everwinter Monument is made up of two parts: a gear that symbolizes knowledge and industrial strength, and huge ice crystals that symbolize the Eternal Freeze. These two symbols are bound together — the gear restricting the ice. It represents the unyielding spirit of the Architects in the face of nature's barbarity.
Any questions~?
Any questions~?
The monument is made up of two parts: a gear that symbolizes knowledge and industrial strength, and huge ice crystals that symbolize the Eternal Freeze. These two symbols are bound together — the gear restricting the ice. It represents the unyielding spirit of the Architects in the face of nature's barbarity.
You mean, what are they made of? It's Geomarrow that's undergone a change in color. The color of Geomarrow is related to the environmental temperature during its refinement.
The Architects are followers of the Aeon Qlipoth. It was they that foresaw the crisis, built up our walls, and established Belobog — preserving the spark of human civilization.
Or to put it another way, the Architects are Belobog's founders and saviors. Even today, they are still tending to the city.
That's a question for the Scientific Research Division, though they may not be able to give you a definitive answer.
The Eternal Freeze is no ordinary natural disaster — meteorological records from hundreds of years ago cannot explain the cause. To put it simply, it's a problem that has plagued Belobog scientists for centuries.
And what about you guys? Take your time, we're not in a rush.
Not at all. It may look like ice, but it's actually a monument carved out of Geomarrow crystal.
Uh... How do I explain... This particular piece of Geomarrow is definitely not for sale...
I must remind you that taking photos of others without gaining their permission violates Belobog public security ordinance number...
...Wait, that's a nice picture! And... it's crystal clear.
We meet again! How have you two been?
Sounds serious. I'm all ears.
Really...? You better not be making things up!
Wait, you're telling me I have to make this huge decision on the spot? At least give me a few seconds to think it over.
...
Okay, I think I've got it.
If it were up to me... I'd probably agree to the IPC's conditions.
I've looked at some of the climate reports, and based on the data I've seen, it'll take three or four more generations for the snow to completely subside.
And that's assuming no other disasters occur. I care more about those in the present than a future I can't be sure of.
If the IPC is able to bring about immediate change, then I think that's a price well worth paying.
Building a better world for future generations sound great, right? But is it any fun for the engineers and Architects who are directly involved in such a pursuit?
If the IPC is able to bring about immediate change, then I think that's a price well worth paying.
Building a better world for future generations sound great, right? But is it any fun for the engineers and Architects who are directly involved in such a pursuit?
I'm not sure how much weight my opinion carries, but that's my take on the matter.
Next, I'll be introducing the history of the museum. Everyone, listen carefully, okay?
Belobog's History and Culture Museum was founded 600 years ago, and was originally built to memorialize Supreme Guardian Alisa...
*cough* It was built to memorialize Supreme Guardian Alisa Rand, and also...
...Also, those who sacrificed their lives in the war against the invaders 700 years ago...
Enough! From now on, no whispering allowed! If you don't want to have any homework later, you'd better start listening!
That's better. *cough* Now, where was I?
Great to hear! Since the Stellaron crisis subsided, Belobog's been feeling a little more cheerful. We're really grateful for your assistance...
...and yes, things are going well for me too — thanks for asking!
Oh... Don't worry, things will get better — I'm sure of it.
Speaking of things getting better, Belobog's been feeling a little more cheerful since the Stellaron crisis subsided. We couldn't have done it without you.
You spent so much time in Belobog on your last visit — you must have passed by here before, right?
This is Belobog's History and Culture Museum — built more than six hundred years ago.
Last time you visited, it was closed for its ten-year renovation.
Now that the Stellaron crisis is over, we've been able to allocate more manpower to the renovation works. The museum should be open to the public again soon.
It's just...
...We encountered a problem during the renovation process. The Silvermane Guards are doing all they can to figure it out.
...if you have time, that is.
Great! What are we waiting for?
As you can see, after nearly 100 days of renovation, the interior looks brand new.
However... there's a problem that needs to be resolved before it can open to the public.
The museum was established nearly six hundred years ago as a memorial to honor Alisa Rand, the first supreme guardian, and the martyrs who gave their lives in the battle against the invaders from beyond the sky.
As time went on, new exhibits were continually added to the memorial until it became the museum we see today.
Past the Reception Hall, you'll find the General Hall — the museum's largest exhibition room.
There are all sorts of exhibits on display – paintings by famous artists, samples of the planet's crust... Visitors can experience the essence of Belobog's culture in just a few minutes' time.
I really hope the museum can open up soon... The children here need a culturally-enriching environment — especially those from the Underworld...
...but like I mentioned earlier, we're in a bit of a bind — we could really use a helping hand.
Here – this is the issue we're trying to deal with.
It was stolen.
...Wow, you're quick! Yes, this exhibit was stolen just recently.
Wait! What are you doing!?
*sigh* You're in a museum, remember!? Here, let me explain – this exhibit was recently stolen.
It was one of the oldest and most precious items in the General Hall collection — the Meteor Fragment.
It is said that seven hundred years ago, the invaders from beyond the sky descended upon the surface of Jarilo-VI with a meteor shower. The Meteor Fragment is solid evidence that those invaders once tainted our land...
...Ahem, sorry, the tour guide in me gets a little carried away — I'm not here to give you a history lesson. Still, it's no exaggeration to say that if the Meteor Fragment isn't recovered, the museum will lose half of its significance.
...Not yet. That's why this case is such a conundrum for the Silvermane Guards.
...Out of the question! As the curator of the exhibits here, I would never resort to deceiving the public like that...
Our first priority is finding the thief and recovering the stolen item, but we don't even have a suspect yet... That's why this case is such a conundrum for the Silvermane Guards.
Truth be told, the Meteor Fragment isn't the only item that was stolen... but we want the museum to open as soon as possible. We can worry about the other missing items later.
Of course — I wouldn't ask you to start a whole investigation from scratch.
Ah, you must be thinking of Sampo, right? I don't think so, our people have been keeping a close eye on him these days. The reports say he's been on his best behavior – not the slightest hint of trouble-making.
The guards stationed in the Underworld reported that some suspicious characters have been meeting at a hideout in the Great Mine late at night.
Since the Silvermane Guards are still getting situated in the Underworld and we don't have any direct evidence, we haven't been able to apprehend any suspects.
But if you were to go there yourself and ask around... I think we could gather a lot of useful intel.
Excellent! Just as I expected — short, sweet, and decisive. To the Underworld it is, then.
...Sound promising! I'll meet you in the Underworld, then.
The conditions here are so... rudimentary. I wonder how long those people have been living here...
...Back to the investigation. We contacted an agent from Wildfire — apparently she has some first-hand intel.
I think her name was... Swetta? Yes, that's right. Let's go pay her a visit.
That bad, huh? How many exhibit thieves are there...?
You aren't getting any funny ideas, are you?
I'm all ears.
Hmm... I see. Thanks for the intel, I'm sure it'll help us crack the case.
In the meantime, do you think you could head out and look for more clues? We can compare notes when you're done – I'm counting on you!
In the meantime, do you think you could head out and look for more clues? We can compare notes when you're done – I'm counting on you!
...I see. Looks like someone is getting the miners involved in the stealing after all.
I made some progress too. The miners here say they've noticed some people acting strangely recently – a few vagrants who almost never leave the Great Mine have suddenly started making trips to Boulder Town.
I asked the Silvermane Guards stationed there to go investigate some places of interest. I hope they find something...
...Hey, we've got some news!
What a stroke of luck! I didn't expect to get a break in the investigation so quickly!
Let's see...
The color... the texture... Yup, this is the stolen Meteor Fragment alright — fantastic!
I've done a lot of research into artifact authentication techniques... you can trust my judgment.
I understand why you're suspicious though. This whole investigation was a little too easy...
To be honest, I feel the same way.
Are you kidding!? The history that this stone carries is of incalculable importance to Belobog.
Honestly, I didn't think we'd get it back so easily... It almost feels like something's not quite right.
In any case, now that we have the Meteor Fragment, the museum can now open to the public. That's good news.
As for tracking down the thief, I'm afraid it'll be a long-term project. When the time comes, we may need your assistance again.
The Meteor Fragment... It's so majestic...
The value of items housed here can't be measured in money alone... but this little piece of stone could fetch a mountain of cash.
Didn't you already say that...?
*sigh* Forget it, it's thanks to you that we got it back in one piece. If you want to call it a rock, call it a rock.
The General Hall is ready to open to the public again.
Oh, by the way... The museum's previous manager resigned recently to pursue his dream of becoming a writer... so, if you're interested, do you think you'd like to take up the post part-time?
I can promise you it won't be a boring job!
So that's a yes? Great!
Museum manager — voted among the top three "Most Highly Desired Careers After Graduation!" in a Belobog Academy poll. Needless to say, we offer a competitive package.
The fact you're asking means you've got your heart set on it already, right? Great!
...Ha? What does that mean?
Well, you didn't say no, so I'll count that as a yes.
Now that that's settled, let's go pay a visit to the museum lobby secretary, Eris. She's a talented worker and can tell you everything there is to know about museum matters.
In addition to her secretarial duties, Eris is also a student at the Belobog College of Art. She's very knowledgeable about the museum's exhibits and their history.
Y'know, I never guessed you'd become a pro at this job — I only wanted you to experience the fun of working here...
I know, right? And it really gives you a sense of accomplishment.
So that's what you like about it... *sigh* I guess most people probably think the same way.
I see... But at least you have a sense of accomplishment, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't still be doing it.
Anyway, there's something else I wanted to talk to you about — there's been a new development in the museum theft case.
After the General Hall opened to the public, the Silvermane Guards and Wildfire did a follow-up investigation in the Underworld.
Progress was really slow, but they managed to hunt down some new clues.
If the next stage of the investigation is successful, we should be able to open up the Industrial Hall to the public.
And here we are.
The item that's supposed to be in this exhibit is a modern sculpture called Gears and Wisdom.
It's a little hard to describe — sort of... abstract. It's made up of gears and mechanical parts, and it's about the same height and weight as the average person... Basically, it's too heavy for someone to just pick up and run off with.
As you can see, this sculpture was placed at the entrance of the Industrial Hall because it symbolizes the industrial spirit that Belobogians have lived, breathed and produced for centuries.
Without it, the Industrial Hall loses its soul... We have to retrieve the sculpture before we can open to the public.
It seems like we'll have to make another visit to the Underworld.
It took nearly twenty years from design to completion to make Gears and Wisdom... We can't let all that painstaking work and talent go to waste. We have to get it back.
Let me ask you something — do you know how long it took to make Gears and Wisdom from initial design to completion?
Twenty years! We can't let all that painstaking work and talent go to waste.
I received some intel just earlier today. Someone said they found clues related to a gang of thieves in the Underworld's Robot Settlement. I don't know if they'll lead us to the sculpture, but it's worth a try.
Let's head out, then.
Sure, do what you need to. Come back when you're ready.
Let's head out, then.
Sure, do what you need to. Come back when you're ready.
Hmm, there's quite the crowd here today...
Where do we start?
...Huh?
...Ah, you mean the little girl in red? I remember her — I saw her in the Overworld at Lady Bronya's succession ceremony.
I don't know if she can give us any leads, but it's always good to say hi to a friend — basic courtesy, right?
You remember my full name!? This kid is really something...
Nice to see you, Clara. What brings you to the Robot Settlement?
...Something strange? Can you share any details?
So they're malfunctioning collectively. Hmm...
*sigh* You're right. Since we're already here...
Mm... You're right, it probably doesn't...
...but since we're already here, they could use our help.
Clara, we'll help you investigate what's going on with the robots.
It'll be fine — we have other people in the Underworld working on the investigation too. Besides, we don't have any clues yet, so we may as well do something useful.
The duty of the Silvermane Guards is to serve the people. So, where can we find these robots? Clara, can you lead the way?
Looks normal enough on the surface... Let's take a closer look.
...So aggressive. Are all the robots in the settlement like this?
Look...
*gasp* Clara... can I take a look?
...
There's no mistaking it... this component was taken from Gears and Wisdom!
I can't believe my own eyes either, but I know that sculpture inside and out.
Who do you think? It's obviously the same people who stole the Meteor Fragment.
No wonder Wildfire and the Silvermane Guards were never able to find Gears and Wisdom...
Keeping such a conspicuous piece of art around wouldn't go unnoticed... the thieves must have disassembled it and hidden the parts inside the robots.
But the best-laid plans of snow mice and men often go awry... they didn't realize the parts would interfere with the robots' systems and cause them to run amok.
Now we just need to find all the malfunctioning robots and retrieve the sculpture pieces one by one.
I'm afraid so. But you'll have Clara and me to keep you company.
We also got some parts of the sculpture back. It's not a lot, but it's a start.
Looks like we've rescued all the robots in this area too.
*sigh* ...This is taking longer than I imagined. At this pace, it'll take us the entire day to fix all these robots...
Uh... I get what you're saying, but...
...Alright, alright, I give up! That sculpture has dozens of individual parts — there's no way we'll recover them all at this rate...
We just need enough parts to put it back together... Ahem, as for the rest, I'll have replacements made.
But... you have to promise to keep this a secret. You too, Clara!
Thanks, Clara⁓ Let's get on to the next area, then.
...Shh, keep your voices down, it's a big one!
Ugh, I guess that's true...
Good work, Clara. Let's see here...
*sigh* ...We still don't have anywhere near enough.
To be honest, I'm a little worn out myself.
Do we have any other choice? I am starting to feel a little worn out, though...
Umm... I've never met Svarog before. I heard he's not easy to get along with...
...It's nice to meet you, Mr. Svarog.
...Suspicious components? Can we have a look at them?
Sure enough! These parts are from the museum's sculpture!
These kids found way more than we did fixing all those robots... what an embarrassment...
Yep, we were outdone by a couple of kids. Kind of embarrassing when you think about it...
That was really risky behavior! If those grownups had woken up, things could have gotten really dangerous for you two.
...Oh, don't cry! Uh — listen, these parts don't belong to Mr. Svarog, but... you two were still a big help to us!
This isn't good... If what those kids said is true, then the museum thieves have operatives working in the settlement.
I'll get in touch with Wildfire and the Silvermane Guards right away and have them investigate the matter thoroughly. But for now... let's take the parts we have back to the museum, or we'll be here all night.
*sigh* If I'd known how much work that was going to be, I would've enlisted more help...
But see the final product for yourself — not too shabby, is it?
...You wanna know what happens to people who vandalize exhibits? I call the Silvermane Guards and they carry you away!
Well... Technically we didn't find all the parts, and if we called in the experts to put it back together, they would have realized...
With Gears and Wisdom back, the Industrial Hall can reopen to the public.
In the meantime, I'll follow up on the exhibit theft case. I wonder if any new clues were found over in Svarog's domain...
If the momentum continues, and if the History-Culture Hall can reopen on schedule... the museum's complete revival is surely just around the corner!
...So you guessed it already.
...Ahem. Yes, indeed.
...I'm afraid there's been another theft. Like the previous cases, a valuable item was stolen from our exhibit — this time in the History-Culture Hall. The item in question has a connection to you.
No. As you just pointed out, that kind of thing is easily replaced.
Uh, that won't be necessary — we've already made a high-quality replica.
Hehe, have I piqued your curiosity?
It'll be easier to explain once we're actually in the History-Culture Hall. Why don't I take you there now?
You can probably guess from the name that the History-Culture Hall houses artifacts, replicas, and documents that are of great historical significance to Belobog.
Every passing day, we Belobogians must continue to endure the city's harsh environment. The trials and experiences of our ancestors serve as a reminder that the path of survival belongs to every generation of our people.
Every child in Belobog should visit this exhibit at least once... No, once isn't nearly enough.
This is the item in question.
This projector is a limited-edition version custom-made for the museum — the only one of its kind in the whole of Belobog. It can produce images with a resolution of up to...
...Oh, sorry, I'm doing my tour guide thing again. I'm sure someone as well-traveled as yourself has seen much fancier equipment than this.
Oh, uh, that's not the issue...
...Nice try keeping a straight face.
The issue isn't the projector, but the microfilm that goes into it. It's the most crucial piece of this exhibit, and it was stolen.
There were some very valuable images on that film, and we hadn't gotten around to making a backup... I must admit, the thieves chose a good target, and they were fast and efficient.
Slide projection is a new addition to the museum — it was intended to be a surprise for visitors when the History-Culture Hall reopened. If we don't recover the microfilm, the Hall's opening will have to be postponed indefinitely.
Some of the images stored on that film are related to you, Miss March 7th, and Master Dan Heng. The curators of the museum wanted to take this opportunity to tell the story of the Astral Express' visit to Belobog.
Uhh... th—that's beside the point.
The parts related to you are only a small portion of the collection...
Was that a message from Lady Bronya? Hm, this theft case has been dragging on for too long — she must have decided to intervene...
If she can delegate more resources to the investigation, that should help it move forward faster.
Lady Bronya, we never saw it like that...
...Okay, Miss Bronya.
Understood! We'll head there at once, Miss Bronya.
This place is an endless stream of people... Where do we start?
Agreed — that'll be more efficient.
I remember lots of folks like to relax around the plaza. Let's head there first.
...That won't do. Even a survey requires rigorous methodology, let alone an investigation.
We can start with people we already know. I remember lots of folks like to relax around the plaza. Let's head there first.
Um... Can you please answer the question we just asked?
Uhh... Thanks for your well-wishes.
Huh? Wait, so you have incriminating evidence against the culprit?
Oh...
Sorry sir, today we're only here to investigate the museum thefts... and we can't close the case without evidence. If you come across any reliable clues, please report them to an on-duty Silvermane Guard...
Absolutely not! Don't worry, ma'am — I will protect those manuscripts with my life!
...Ahem, sorry about that. Back to the topic at hand — do you have any clues that could be linked to the theft of the museum's artifacts? Have you noticed anything unusual lately?
I see, sorry for taking up your time.
*sigh* Another half day gone, and nothing to show for it...
Ugh, the culprit is still hiding in the shadows. Can't we find even one lead?
...You know us?
Hehe, okay... thanks for the compliment, I guess. May I ask, with whom do we have the pleasure of speaking?
Alright, alright, we got it. Mr. Limestein, is there something you want to discuss with us?
This incident... is it related to the museum thefts?
So by "no longer hear from," you mean you've been unable to get in touch with this friend of yours?
"Be ambitious in life, do something big for once..." Coming from the mouth of a wealthy gentleman, that sounded rather curious to me.
This Norbert guy, do you know what his line of work was?
Ugh... In the eyes of most people, there's a world of difference between "trivial matters" and a career.
...I have recorded all the clues you provided, Mr. Limestein. Thank you for putting your trust in the Silvermane Guards. We will keep you informed if there are any developments in the investigation.
I wonder if this "friend" of Mr. Wallace has anything to do with the museum thefts...
Miss Bronya, we're back.
We didn't find anything directly related to the museum thefts, but there was one thing worth noting...
...So this Mr. Norbert could well be the museum thief we're looking for?
...Okay, whenever you're ready, but don't take too long!
...It works! The slides play without a hitch — the microfilm is undamaged.
Once the projector is restored, the History-Culture Hall can reopen to the public. Then visitors can enjoy all three of the museum's most important exhibits!
I'm just stating the obvious! The way I see it, the museum's reopening is a very significant event... and worth remembering more than any other time in the past.
Hehe, that's for sure. And you know what? The way I see it, the museum's reopening is a very significant event... and worth remembering more than any other time in the past.
A whole generation has grown up in the Underworld in the last decade or so, and they never had the privilege of seeing these precious works of art and historical treasures... what you've done has helped bridge a huge gap for them.
So, even if it seems small to you — you did a very great thing here.
Ahem, that's enough praise for now... Anyway, if you did want to continue working as a part-time manager and handle the daily operations of the History-Culture Hall, I recommend talking to Miss Eris.
It's not like we don't have any other suitable candidates for the position... Isn't it great you can help us with such an enjoyable job?
Uh... something doesn't feel right. It's obviously an abandoned shopping street, but it also feels like people were here not too long ago...
So it is Norbert after all! And he's making his accomplice impersonate a Silvermane Guard! The audacity!
I think I heard someone talking behind the metal gate. Let's see if we can hear what they're saying.
Wait, I remember! Roast the sausage, not the bread. That's the password, right?
What? Oh right, the password... Roast the sausage, not the bread. That's the password, right?
Mm-hmm! So, you are gonna let us in now? We need to talk to Mr. Norbert about some important business-related matters.
Guess we'll have to do this the hard way!
We'll probably end up running into more of Norbert's goons up ahead.
Look, it's Norbert again!
Let's see what he's talking about this time.
Film! Did you hear that? That film he mentioned must be the same one that was stolen from the museum.
Why would someone from such a wealthy family do something like this for money... It's unbelievable! We have to find a way to stop this before they sell the film!
We should take some pictures as evidence in case the culprit denies the charges.
Your equipment probably has better specs than mine — I'll leave the picture-taking to you.
Take a picture first for evidence. Then we can make a move.
Norbert of the Cusper family, and everyone else here — turn around and face me! Put your hands where I can see them!
You've got a lot of nerve drawing your weapons in front of an Intelligence Officer of the Silvermane Guards!
There's no point in resisting, Mr. Norbert. Your accomplices have been subdued. There's nowhere to run.
You had the audacity to tell your men to disguise themselves as Silvermane Guards... I'll be interested to see what kind of sentence the adjudication panel gives you.
Still in denial? Your secret dealings have been photographed. We have all the evidence we need. Is there anything else you want to say?
Hmph, that's not up to me...
However, I'm still a little confused... Mr. Norbert is wealthy and opportunistic, but how did he manage to find so many accomplices and organize such a large-scale smuggling operation...
Come on, let's take the microfilm back to the museum.
Hmph, if you think you can commit crimes and go unpunished, dream on!
What are you talking about? Who's got cold feet?
Enough blubbing. If you didn't want to face the time, why do the crime? Everyone is responsible for the decisions they make in life — no exceptions.
The museum is packed these days — I've never seen it so full of visitors. You run a tight ship here.
Still, it'd be nice if those kids would stop littering... It's barely lunchtime and I've already picked up three half-eaten packs of snow-white popping candy.
Ah, don't worry, nothing was stolen this time.
You remember that Norbert guy we captured? The Silvermane Guards have acquired new intel from him — I thought you might find it interesting.
I know, right? I'll teach them a lesson myself if I catch them in the act, that's for sure.
By the way, you remember that Norbert guy we captured? The Silvermane Guards have acquired new intel from him — I thought you might find it interesting.
I always wondered — how did he, a rich kid with virtually no real life experience, suddenly think of becoming a smuggler?
There's no way someone like him could've come up with the idea of disassembling a sculpture and hiding the pieces inside robots.
The result is just as I expected... After less than half a day of interrogation, he confessed everything.
He admitted that a mysterious figure named Mr. Cold Feet persuaded him to target the museum exhibits.
Mr. Cold Feet fooled Norbert into believing that many of the museum's artifacts were forcibly seized from private collectors by the Silvermane Guards. He told him that true justice would be returning the artifacts to the people...
Norbert probably didn't believe any of that nonsense — I think he just wanted to prove himself and add more to his fortune.
Mr. Cold Feet not only introduced him to buyers, but also gave him advice, and only charged him a 30% consultant's fee... In the opinion of our young Mr. Norbert, the deal was too good to refuse.
...Ahem. I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Norbert said Mr. Cold feet operates with extreme discretion, and knows the Silvermane Guards' every move like the back of his hand. If he catches wind about the slightest rumor in the city, he'll disappear without a trace.
If what Mr. Norbert said is true, then our safest option is to send a civilian to try to reach out to Mr. Cold Feet and lure him out of his lair.
You guessed it! Everyone agrees that there is no better candidate than you.
Norbert said he usually communicates with Mr. Cold Feet through the door of a room in the Goethe Hotel. The usual agreed meeting time is... right now.
I see... So he's just as cunning and crafty as ever...
He fooled the Silvermane Guards into thinking he'd changed... but we won't be falling for that act again any time soon!
Here, these rewards are for you. I hope they come in handy on the journey ahead.
Oh, by the way, if you still want to help run the History and Culture Museum, Miss Eris and I are always happy to work with you.
Ah, speaking of which, Miss Eris was just looking for you — why don't you go to the museum and talk to her?
Hmm... did you touch anything? This room has signs of activity.
I see... Mr. Cold Feet is a cunning one indeed...
He knows how to keep his identity hidden, and his sources are fast and reliable... I guess he found out about Mr. Norbert's arrest and made a run for it.
...Still, Belobog is only so big. Unless he's brave enough to hide out in the Snow Plains, we'll catch him sooner or later.
Oh, by the way, if you still want to help run the History and Culture Museum, Miss Eris and I are always happy to work with you.
Ah, speaking of which, Miss Eris was just looking for you — why don't you go to the museum and talk to her?
Lynxy~ I'm here!
Phew... I never knew how long it took to get from the Administrative District to the Snow Plains.
So much snow... Even in the northern mountains, it wasn't like this.
Yep, I brought everything you told me to — all thanks to your camping guide.
Speaking of which, according to the guide, the first thing we need to do is find a good place to set up camp, right? Flat, dry, sheltered, facing the sun, high elevation...
Right! The guide says we should find a flat, dry, sheltered location — facing the sun at high elevation...
Hehe, thanks, Lynxy!
I'll leave it to you then. I'm gonna follow right behind you.
Flat, dry, sheltered, facing the sun, high elevation...
...and we need to be able to observe the aurora... This is going to be difficult.
This slope has a good view... It'll be easy to watch the aurora.
I see... Then let's keep moving.
Hmm... This area is sheltered and facing the sun, plus it's flat ground, but...
Huh? ...Okay!
We're at a dead end...
Lynxy, are you sure this is the place?
I never even noticed! Huh, camping is a complicated science...
That's true. I hope that becomes a reality one day.
Hmm, only problem is... the view here isn't great. Are you sure we'll be able to watch the aurora?
Sure! I can help out with the tent — I memorized that section in the camping guide.
Why can't I secure it...
Weird... That's what the guide says...
Hey, Lynxy! Come and have a look at this!
I did everything according to the guide, but the tent's still wobbly...
Got it! It's definitely sturdier now... Nice job, Lynxy!
Huh? Sure, let me take a look.
Hmm... The Geomarrow fuel activation component probably stopped working. Do you have a spare one?
That's okay. These components are really common. Maybe we can find a spare one in the ruins around here.
You take it easy — I'll see if I can find one. Oh, and I'll keep an eye out for food too!
We'll do our best. If we can't find one, we'll just do what your guide says and chop wood to make a fire.
There might be spare stove parts in the ruin. Lemme see...
Of course I do. It's not like the stuff we need is gonna come crawling out.
...
I didn't find any components, but I got this... I don't know if we can still eat it...
Really?
700!?
You found something?
Really?
Uh... what exactly are—
Yeah, but... we should put them back.
That sounds even less appetizing!
Come on, camping is about teamwork! Let me have a try.
Ah! I found something!
Is this... a radish?
Huh? This is a rabbit?
I see... In that case, please tell me we can put it back?
This crate looks promising. Maybe there are spare stove components inside...
Ah! N—No! Don't worry about it, Lynxy! I'll manage!
Uh...
...Are these sausages?
...B—Belobog Caveman?
Ah! Hold on... There are some letters here.
"SAM" something, "KOS" something... I can't read the rest, but it seems like a name.
Guess it can't be the Belobog Caveman then... Do cavemen even know how to write?
D—Don't worry Lynxy! I'm sure you'll get concrete proof one day...
Let's leave the sausages here, I think someone might be missing them if we take them.
*sigh* Okay... I feel bad that we didn't find a spare component.
Hm? What's up?
...I know. But since we were looking for food, I figured we might as well try to fix the stove.
Is it some kind of animal?
...Lynxy, wait. That thing in the camp is a dangerous Fragmentum creature.
Don't be fooled by its appearance. About 20% of our Silvermane Guard Fragmentum losses are a result of chasing this creature.
We haven't figured out everything about it yet, but there's one thing we're sure of... they have the power to control people. We need to be careful.
That must be the first step in their mind control process. You were lucky.
We should defeat it just to be safe. Fragmentum creatures are Belobog's enemies — they shouldn't be trusted.
Mm?
...I understand, but the sound of the shutter and the camera bulb might send it into a frenzy...
It might be looking for an opportunity to attack. Be careful!
It disappeared... Did it run away?
It disappeared... Lynxy, be on the lookout for an ambush.
...
Sorry. Maybe I was overreacting...
Phew... Hopefully it won't be coming back any time soon.
It must have used some Fragmentum loophole to escape. Do you really want to take after it, Lynxy?
Huh? This is...
Awesome! Lynxy, look! It's a Geomarrow Activation Component! I never thought we'd find one here!
What about you, Lynxy? Did you find anything good?
Huh? Lynxy... is something the matter?
...Oh, uh... Why don't you take a break — I'll have a look at this stove.
Okay, all done.
No magic here. Just a trick or two I learned from Serval.
Yep, that's her. What's the matter?
Hehe, same as you, then.
I'm serious! Outdoor explorer, mechanic — they're both experts in their field, right? I think you two are awesome.
Anyway, it wouldn't be hard for you to get her to teach you something. You're her sister, she'd be happy to teach you.
Yay! That's my favorite part... Wait, no, my favorite part is watching the aurora!
You don't have to emphasize the "700 years" part, y'know...
You don't have to emphasize that either!
Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
Are we really going to eat that...?
I still don't believe this is supposed to be food...
Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
I don't think... either is edible...
You're putting canned sardines into a hotpot!? Please don't say that...
Um... Why don't I cook tonight? You can take a break...
Ah... It smells so good! I'm gonna dig in!
I'm so full... guess now we just wait for the light show.
Huh?
Ah! Sorry, I hope this trip didn't surprise you...
...
...I know.
It's just, I was really getting into the camping! I felt like I finally got around to doing the things I always wanted to...
Uhh... I have to hide those from other people. I get a little embarrassed.
I suppose. I wish I could be more like you...
...That's how families are.
It's okay... It's not like I even know what she looked like...
So... when's the aurora due...?
*gasp* Careful, Lynx — there are monsters coming!
How did it get here!?
These Fragmentum monsters are coming out of thin air...
Ah. I see...
Hmph, we could've handled it...
Wait — where did you come from all of a sudden!?
Then why did you still come here...
Yeah...
Hold on, isn't that what I just said?
Hey! Lynxy! Look!
Wow...
Yeah...
...really lucky.
So awesome... I got to taste Lynxy's cooking and see the aurora... This Snow Plains adventure was the best!
Huh? Me?
Ahem! I—I'm not THAT happy. I, wh—what I mean is, uh...
I...
Huh!? I... I hope not...
I was going to say that... but now I suddenly don't want to.
Anyway, what now? Back home? Wanna go out for a midnight snack later?
Sounds good! That's settled then. Let's part ways for now and rendezvous later tonight.
Mm? What's up?
What... is this?
"Penya... Sergeyevna..."
...I see. Thank you, Lynxy.
...Let's meet up here later tonight... I better get going.
...
...
...!
...
...
Mom...
Mom... Mom...!
(It's probably best to stick close to the camp...)
Careful, Lynx — It's going to attack!
Satelleden... So everything in the Tale series is true...
Is this... what Artem saw?
But... how did the author know about this?
We Belobogians haven't set foot beyond the walls for over 700 years, let alone venture into the sky...!
Really!? Then where is the real Satelleden? Will I have the chance to go see it with the Express?
...What's wrong with those novels? You're not complete unless you've read the Tale series!
...Ahem, sorry. Excuse me. Just pretend I didn't say anything.
Thank you for inviting me to board the Express. I'll take a look around on my own. You don't have to accompany me.
You really don't have to. I'd like to hang out on my own. Bye!
...Ahem, sorry. Excuse me. Just pretend I didn't say anything.
Thank you for inviting me to board the Express. I'll take a look around on my own. You don't have to accompany me.
You really don't have to. I'd like to hang out on my own. Bye!
After going through the Express' data bank, I've truly realized just how little knowledge Belobog possesses compared to you...
Now that Belobog is gradually returning to normal, we are also slowly reconnecting with the outside world. I have to take as much of your knowledge back with me as possible to prevent any potential enemies from endangering us.
...Don't worry, I'll try my best not to bother Dan Heng.
Really? Then I'm gonna spend all day here.
...I'm kidding. Dan Heng needs the room to sleep in, after all.
Quite a lot. I'm most interested in that commercial organization — the Interastral Peace Corporation.
They are also followers of Qlipoth, but what they do is drastically different from us Architects. Can businessmen honestly support the Preservation? I'm seriously doubting their true motives...
How else can I take it back? By copying it on paper? I can't carry that much paper on my own.
And my phone definitely doesn't have enough storage... so, memorizing it is the most convenient way to go.
Actually, I realized something else — the encryption for your data bank is pretty weak...
...That could be a big issue. I'll have a chat with Himeko about it.
I realized something else when going through the data bank — the encryption for your data bank is pretty weak...
...That could be a big issue. I'll have a chat with Himeko about it.
It was only after talking to Himeko that I learned that Jarilo-VI isn't the only planet suffering from the Stellaron's calamity. The number of worlds that endured such a fate far surpasses what we imagined...
Even so, Himeko indicated that the source of Stellarons remains mysterious, and there are no realistic ways to remove a Stellaron's contamination.
However, she shared some strategies that other planets have taken — some of them are very similar to our circumstances. I'm considering discussing with Captain Gepard the possibilities of adopting those strategies...
I agree. They're at least worth a try.
I'm not confident either — but they're at least worth a try.
...Ahem, sorry, I was in work mode.
Anyways, what I'm trying to say is that we're seeking ways to remove the influence of the Stellaron and the Fragmentum.
Us Silvermane Guards have fought against the Fragmentum for far too long and have lost too much... Even though you've solved the Stellaron problem for now, the number of casualties is still staggering.
If — and I mean if — we can truly find a way to uproot the Fragmentum's corruption, then maybe we can stem the Silvermane Guards' losses...
...Ah, sorry... this topic always makes me a little emotional. I think I need some alone time — thank you.
If we can truly find a way to uproot the Fragmentum's corruption...
...a great weight would be lifted.
I didn't think that black drink would taste so good... and really energizing too! If only I could get a cup when I'm pulling those all-nighters...
Judging from its appearance, I thought it'd be unpalatable. The wonders of the universe are endless.
Kali-Kapo? What's that...?
I'm talking about coffee — is that what it's called?
No, You can drink that in Belobog as well.
I'm talking about coffee — is that what it's called?
Yes. Coffee.
I think it's pretty tasty. But according to Himeko, everyone else on the Express doesn't really appreciate that drink...
Himeko gave me a big handful of coffee beans when she saw how much I liked it — and then she gave me a coffee machine! It's a bit embarrassing, hehe.
Next time I visit the Express, I'll definitely bring her some Belobog specialties in return.
Himeko gave me a big handful of coffee beans when she saw how much I liked it — and then she gave me a coffee machine! It's a bit embarrassing, hehe.
Next time I visit the Express, I'll definitely bring her some Belobog specialties in return.
I've been thinking since the last camping trip that it would be great if I can go somewhere even further than the Snow Plains.
That thought has been growing stronger ever since I boarded the Express... and saw views that would never have been visible from the city or the Snow Plains.
Thanks for your invitation, but I am the Silvermane Guards' Intelligence Officer — I can't just drop my work and go travelling...
Thanks for your suggestion, but I think I'm more suited to be an Intelligence Officer... Besides, I can't just drop my work and go travelling...
Yes. As the Silvermane Guards' Intelligence Officer, I can't just drop my work and go travelling...
But I'm already very happy that I get to visit your Express like this once in a while.
Besides, I genuinely like the job of an Intelligence Officer — for me, using my brain is a lot more fun than traveling.
I'm already very happy that I get to visit your Express like this once in a while.
Where is everyone...
Oh, haha, you're here.
Don't worry. I'm not here for you. I'm here to find March and discuss some... opinions about books, and I brought you a small gift. Here. Don't misunderstand. I'm definitely not here for you.
Alright, if there's nothing else, then move along. I'm waiting for March...
Where did she go...
Alright, if there's nothing else, then move along. I'm waiting for March...
It's great to see you, too!
Yeah, but I guess no one in Belobog had much of a clue about video games before the IPC showed up...
I wish you'd put the same effort into other things...
Should we really be bragging about something like this...
The puzzle for you to solve is to use the limited number of thermic cores at your disposal to illuminate all of the designated Snowshine Lamps scattered around the Victory Zone.
You see? Serval's modifications to the lamps allow you to illuminate lamps that are out of your reach.
There are three thermic cores — you'll need them to solve the puzzles in the Victory Zone. Let's see what you've got!
You'll find several lamps like this around the Victory Zone. Once you've illuminated all of them, seek out me and Serval. We'll be ready to throw down the gauntlet!
Not bad.
Just a simple game of numbers... You'll see what we mean!
How did you manage that... I guess you just got lucky this time!
Ugh... You're so annoying...
I have something else for you also: an Aether Expansion Chip. Integrating its data into an Aether Spirit will grant them new, innate abilities.
A "Warp Trotter..." That's a pretty rare Aether Spirit... but they were acting kind of strange in the battle — is there something wrong with them?
They're just too precious... and they're counting on you for protection! Take them with you and snatch the championship!
Ahem, well... This player isn't a stranger — we know them, too, but Mr. Giovanni has asked us not to divulge too much information.
In any case, if your goal is also to become the champions, then it's likely you'll run into them sooner or later.
Haha, things are heating up!
Time to channel some rock star energy!
Serval, haven't you heard? They managed to secure all four Mastery Marks!
Mm-hmm... That's right, we won't be making any mistakes this time round!
Okay kids, now we're going to learn about the museum...
Make sure you're all paying attention...
The Captain's so uptight.
I'm Sushang, and I recently joined the Cloud Knights. Talk to me if you have any issues... but I don't know the Luofu very well either, hehe.
No need to be polite, I can help any— Huh? You're just here to say hello? You don't need my help?
Today was another day of being eager to help! I am very happy with myself. Time to rest!
"Be eager to help those in need. Do one good deed a day and reflect on oneself three times a day." — Those words will definitely appear in my biography one day and be remembered!
It's a family heirloom, and probably has a history? My Ma can swing it with just one hand, but I struggle even with two. Ah...
When I was a kid, I was mesmerized by the Foxian gents on the streets telling the stories of the Cloud Knight martyrs. If my Ma didn't drag me away, I would have listened to them all day!
All the Outworlders arriving at Xianzhou these days start their sentences with "There's an old saying in Xianzhou..." but a local like me can't think up any. How can this be...
*sigh* It's not easy being born in a military family. My Ma trained me in martial arts since I was a kid and I had to get up to spar with her before the crack of dawn. I'd get so exhausted in the morning that I always fell asleep in class. The teachers all called me Sleepy Sushang...
To hear a story on the Luofu is like a wish come true! After all, this is where High-Cloud Quintet became famous. All the expertise of Mr. Xiyan, the storyteller at the Sleepless Earl, is in this place.
The "Dozing General" of the Xianzhou Luofu... I've heard a lot about him, but I feel he doesn't do anything... He's not as good as the lady general from our Xianzhou Yaoqing.
He's so young, but a Cloud Knight Lieutenant already!? Could he have a Ma more strict than mine urging him on with swordplay?
I think about this every time I listen to Diviner Fu talk. We are both from Xianzhou, but are we really speaking the same language?
I've heard Cloud Knight veterans talk about the legend of the "Starfire Fox." As the best ace pilot in the Luofu, Madam Yukong's starskiff records remain unbeaten! I didn't expect her to talk in such a polite way when I met her~
I saw Tingyun in so many shops and just thought she was a customer who's always buying stuff... Then I heard all those shops are hers!
She's the girl playing in the games parlor, right? She must have played for years to be that good... With how good her skills are, it's almost a martial art for her.
That outsider looks weak, but is pretty brave. If he weren't on the Xianzhou and hadn't met me, he'd totally get robbed just for lugging such a huge case around.
Bailu... I—it's that Healer Lady. I heard that her crying can cure patients... that sounds impossible! But she is a Vidyadhara after all... for them, the more outrageous something is, the more possible it becomes.
"One sliver of moonlight, nine hundred lives" — in Mr. Xiyan's stories about Jingliu, I love this sentence the most. How come the Cloud Knights' records didn't say anything about such a swordmaster...?
I think Little Gui's talents would go unappreciated in a lot of settings... Being a street performer is her true calling!
She might be tougher than flesh and blood, but not being able to feel pain...? I don't think that's a good thing.
Sooner or later, I'll make my mark in history!
My fighting skills have improved — I should let my mom know!
I heard that when your mastery of the sword improves, you can physically feel it... so this is what it feels like...
One should always have dreams, you never know, they might actually come true one day!
Miss Bailu — don't leave me on my own!
Got any new ideas, Little Gui? I say we strike while the iron is hot!
It's Yanqing! This is my chance to check out his moves up close!
Just focus on healing, and if you get into trouble, give me a shout!
Madam Yukong, my skills are not yet adopt... Uh, adapt? Adept? F—Feel free to give me some advice!
Xueyi, your skills are amazing, but remember to take it easy on yourself...
No more playing nice!
So what? I won't surrender!
Let me through, or I'll go through you.
How does it go again? He who strikes first...? Ugh, just get on with it!
You're not going anywhere!
Dodge this.
Don't your hands hurt?
Hey!
Take this — Shape of Taixu!
Rise, phoenix!
A little... too much fun...
Cloud Knight Sushang, reporting!
You're the best!
Get it now? That's the power of the Cloud Knights!
Wowww, look at that...
Whoa... I can't believe I found this!
Piece of cake!
Quick, let's make a sneak attack!
It's so early! Let's look around!
Hmph, wanna see what I can do?
This little gadget is just what I wanted~
See, I knew I could do it!
I'm Sushang, and I recently joined the Cloud Knights. Talk to me if you have any issues... but I don't know the Luofu very well either, hehe.
No need to be polite, I can help any— Huh? You're just here to say hello? You don't need my help?
Today was another day of being eager to help! I am very happy with myself. Time to rest!
"Be eager to help those in need. Do one good deed a day and reflect on oneself three times a day." — Those words will definitely appear in my biography one day and be remembered!
It's a family heirloom, and probably has a history? My Ma can swing it with just one hand, but I struggle even with two. Ah...
When I was a kid, I was mesmerized by the Foxian gents on the streets telling the stories of the Cloud Knight martyrs. If my Ma didn't drag me away, I would have listened to them all day!
All the Outworlders arriving at Xianzhou these days start their sentences with "There's an old saying in Xianzhou..." but a local like me can't think up any. How can this be...
*sigh* It's not easy being born in a military family. My Ma trained me in martial arts since I was a kid and I had to get up to spar with her before the crack of dawn. I'd get so exhausted in the morning that I always fell asleep in class. The teachers all called me Sleepy Sushang...
To hear a story on the Luofu is like a wish come true! After all, this is where High-Cloud Quintet became famous. All the expertise of Mr. Xiyan, the storyteller at the Sleepless Earl, is in this place.
The "Dozing General" of the Xianzhou Luofu... I've heard a lot about him, but I feel he doesn't do anything... He's not as good as the lady general from our Xianzhou Yaoqing.
He's so young, but a Cloud Knight Lieutenant already!? Could he have a Ma more strict than mine urging him on with swordplay?
I think about this every time I listen to Diviner Fu talk. We are both from Xianzhou, but are we really speaking the same language?
I've heard Cloud Knight veterans talk about the legend of the "Starfire Fox." As the best ace pilot in the Luofu, Madam Yukong's starskiff records remain unbeaten! I didn't expect her to talk in such a polite way when I met her~
I saw Tingyun in so many shops and just thought she was a customer who's always buying stuff... Then I heard all those shops are hers!
She's the girl playing in the games parlor, right? She must have played for years to be that good... With how good her skills are, it's almost a martial art for her.
That outsider looks weak, but is pretty brave. If he weren't on the Xianzhou and hadn't met me, he'd totally get robbed just for lugging such a huge case around.
Bailu... I—it's that Healer Lady. I heard that her crying can cure patients... that sounds impossible! But she is a Vidyadhara after all... for them, the more outrageous something is, the more possible it becomes.
"One sliver of moonlight, nine hundred lives" — in Mr. Xiyan's stories about Jingliu, I love this sentence the most. How come the Cloud Knights' records didn't say anything about such a swordmaster...?
I think Little Gui's talents would go unappreciated in a lot of settings... Being a street performer is her true calling!
She might be tougher than flesh and blood, but not being able to feel pain...? I don't think that's a good thing.
Sooner or later, I'll make my mark in history!
My fighting skills have improved — I should let my mom know!
I heard that when your mastery of the sword improves, you can physically feel it... so this is what it feels like...
One should always have dreams, you never know, they might actually come true one day!
Miss Bailu — don't leave me on my own!
Got any new ideas, Little Gui? I say we strike while the iron is hot!
It's Yanqing! This is my chance to check out his moves up close!
Just focus on healing, and if you get into trouble, give me a shout!
Madam Yukong, my skills are not yet adopt... Uh, adapt? Adept? F—Feel free to give me some advice!
Xueyi, your skills are amazing, but remember to take it easy on yourself...
No more playing nice!
So what? I won't surrender!
Let me through, or I'll go through you.
How does it go again? He who strikes first...? Ugh, just get on with it!
You're not going anywhere!
Dodge this.
Don't your hands hurt?
Hey!
Take this — Shape of Taixu!
Rise, phoenix!
A little... too much fun...
Cloud Knight Sushang, reporting!
You're the best!
Get it now? That's the power of the Cloud Knights!
Wowww, look at that...
Whoa... I can't believe I found this!
Piece of cake!
Quick, let's make a sneak attack!
It's so early! Let's look around!
Hmph, wanna see what I can do?
This little gadget is just what I wanted~
See, I knew I could do it!
I'm Sushang, and I recently joined the Cloud Knights. Talk to me if you have any issues... but I don't know the Luofu very well either, hehe.
No need to be polite, I can help any— Huh? You're just here to say hello? You don't need my help?
Today was another day of being eager to help! I am very happy with myself. Time to rest!
"Be eager to help those in need. Do one good deed a day and reflect on oneself three times a day." — Those words will definitely appear in my biography one day and be remembered!
It's a family heirloom, and probably has a history? My Ma can swing it with just one hand, but I struggle even with two. Ah...
When I was a kid, I was mesmerized by the foxian gents on the streets telling the stories of the Cloud Knight martyrs. If my Ma didn't drag me away, I would have listened to them all day!
All the Outworlders arriving at Xianzhou these days start their sentences with "There's an old saying in Xianzhou..." but a local like me can't think up any. How can this be...
*sigh* It's not easy being born in a military family. My Ma trained me in martial arts since I was a kid and I had to get up to spar with her before the crack of dawn. I'd get so exhausted in the morning that I always fell asleep in class. The teachers all called me Sleepy Sushang...
To hear a story on the Luofu is like a wish come true! After all, this is where High-Cloud Quintet became famous. All the expertise of Mr. Xiyan, the storyteller at the Sleepless Earl, is in this place.
The "Dozing General" of the Xianzhou Luofu... I've heard a lot about him, but I feel he doesn't do anything... He's not as good as the lady general from our Xianzhou Yaoqing.
He's so young, but a Cloud Knight Lieutenant already!? Could he have a Ma more strict than mine urging him on with swordplay?
I think about this every time I listen to Diviner Fu talk. We are both from Xianzhou, but are we really speaking the same language?
I've heard Cloud Knight veterans talk about the legend of the "Starfire Fox." As the best ace pilot in the Luofu, Madam Yukong's starskiff records remain unbeaten! I didn't expect her to talk in such a polite way when I met her~
I saw Tingyun in so many shops and just thought she was a customer who's always buying stuff... Then I heard all those shops are hers!
She's the girl playing in the games parlor, right? She must have played for years to be that good... With how good her skills are, it's almost a martial art for her.
That outsider looks weak, but is pretty brave. If he weren't on the Xianzhou and hadn't met me, he'd totally get robbed just for lugging such a huge case around.
Bailu... I—it's that Healer Lady. I heard that her crying can cure patients... that sounds impossible! But she is a Vidyadhara after all... for them, the more outrageous something is, the more possible it becomes.
"One sliver of moonlight, nine hundred lives" — in Mr. Xiyan's stories about Jingliu, I love this sentence the most. How come the Cloud Knights' records didn't say anything about such a swordmaster...?
I think Little Gui's talents would go unappreciated in a lot of settings... Being a street performer is her true calling!
She might be tougher than flesh and blood, but not being able to feel pain...? I don't think that's a good thing.
I don't know how exactly, but Huohuo manages to keep that Tail of hers in check, even though she's terrified of heliobi... It proves she's got some serious talent!
Seems like "Silent but Deadly" has caught the eye of a fair few heavy hitters. So does that mean he's a big fish, now? Maybe one day I'll get to hear his story.
Haha, I came this way, I know it like the back of my hand. Just follow me.
Um... So, silent but deadly, let me know when you're ready and we can set off.
...Seriously? I just got to the Luofu myself...
I get it. This feeling...
Silent but deadly... are you sure that nickname isn't annoying you?
Huh, I should learn to be this easygoing...
It's good to have a sense of humor!
*sigh* ...I mean, you're kinda living up to the first bit right now.
We can move out any time. Let me know when you're ready.
Hmm? Go ahead. I'll tell you everything I know~
I heard they found an Antimatter Legion bomb... Out of safety, they locked down the entire ship. They'll only re-open it after they've removed the bomb... I don't know if all that's true, though.
Anyway, the higher-ups didn't say anything — they just got me to evacuate the civilians at Cloudford.
Nope, I met him when I met you.
But now that you mention it... maybe I did see him somewhere? He seems a bit familiar...
Where would that have been...
Me? There's not much to talk about...
Not that long ago... but I've been receiving strict Cloud Knight military training since I was a child!
My parents are both famous on the Yaoqing! I wouldn't be here otherwise. They've been training me ever since I was born!
Don't look down on me just because I'm a new recruit~
Yep. Have you been there before?
I think the Yaoqing and the Luofu have different characteristics. I might be a Luofu Cloud Knight now, but I still think the Yaoqing is better... For example, when it comes to leadership, I don't think General Jing Yuan is as reliable as our madam general back on the Yaoqing...
Uh, a—actually, forget about that last sentence. Just pretend I never said it.
Okay, but think fast.
Well? Can we move out?
Okay. Please be quick!
I'll lead the way. You two keep an eye on our surroundings.
This is life and death, okay!? You look like you can handle yourself, how come you're so lazy?
Hey, silent but deadly, shout if you see any danger, okay? Don't think just because you know a move or two you can charge off by yourself!
I have orders to evacuate civilians. See these two behind me? I need to get them out of here quickly. It's too dangerous.
There's supposed to be a passage... Why can't I see it?
Ughh, who did this? I'm terrible with machines and stuff... Hold on, how do you know!?
...I told you, I was only just transferred here from the Yaoqing. I don't come here very often.
Control panel... Where is the control panel?
Let me see... Whoa, Luocha! You've got sharp eyes!
Luocha already saw the control panel — why is it taking this long to find it...
Can you? You're toooo kind~
Phew, thank goodness, there's one starskiff left.
Judging by where it's docked, it must be heading for Central Starskiff Haven. Nice, we'll be safe there.
Come on, let's climb aboard!
Let's hurry and get on the starskiff!
Hmm? Something else?
I dunno... I think we should be okay. Let's get out of here first and talk about it when we're in the clear.
There should be a dedicated evacuation team waiting for us. You can go with them.
Uh, not the best time...?
No need to thank me, just a Cloud Knight doing her job!
Umm, that depends on the higher-ups. If there are still civilians to evacuate, then I'll need to come back.
Uh, this is...
Huh? You're pretty familiar with this place.
Yep, it's the Alchemy Commission. No wonder we were getting those military broadcasts on the way over — something about the Cloud Knights gathering here, right? They're probably coming to fix the Stellaron problem.
*sigh* It's been such a long journey, but now we're finally gonna meet some Cloud Knights! I'll be back with my unit!
I didn't lie to you, right? I told you I'd bring you somewhere safe, and I did! Though... we did take a bit of a detour...
Oh... okay. Well, I'm gonna go report to the nearest captain.
You guys can hang around here, but don't run off too far — there'll be Cloud Knights coming to escort you back soon. Bye for now!
...Meaning?
What's up?
Go? Go where? The Luofu is under lockdown — the Cloud Knights' operation isn't over yet.
Relax. When the fight is over, I'll personally escort you and Mr. Luocha home~
Don't worry. Once the fight is over, I'll personally escort you and Mr. Luocha home~
Hi?
Sure am. Things have been in constant turmoil since I transferred to the Luofu. Now that I've got a little free time, I'm here to listen to some storytelling.
Are you... Sorry, I've met so many people recently, you seem unfamiliar... Judging by your clothes, you must be an outworlder?
Ahh, I see! Silent But Deadly told me something about meeting up with a friend. You must be them?
Mm-hmm, pretty accurate nickname, right? That guy has a lot on his plate — it's enough to make you worry.
The fact you're standing here right now must mean things are pretty much taken care of?
Is that so? Well, before you leave, I recommend listening to Mr. Xiyan's Legend of the High-Cloud Quintet.
Ever since I was a little kid, I've always wanted to be an epic hero... I never get tired of hearing about the Quintet — I'm sure you'll love it.
You should bring Dan Heng along next time, we can chat over some tea. Anyway, I'm getting off-track, I won't take any more of your time. Good luck.
You should bring Dan Heng along next time, we can chat over some tea.
It's okay! Phew, this one's strong alright!
Huh...?
Are you two okay?
Good. I'm Sushang of the Cloud Knights — I was just transferred here from the Yaoqing!
I did tell you to let me handle it. I don't have eyes in the back of my head — what if I accidentally hit you?
Ha, I was protecting you more like — it's a Cloud Knight's job to protect others. This area is under martial law, I'm escorting all civilians to safety. Follow me.
That was some impressive Cloud Knight spearmanship. Which unit are you from?
Huh, okay... You're a civilian then. Come with me!
I, uh... I can't comment on that. I was just ordered to rescue the civilians... Actually, I have no idea either. Anyway, you two just need to come with me.
Hey, you're pretty quiet. What's your name? I've got forms to fill out — can't put your name down as blank.
No can do, mister — it's way too late. You won't find anyone at Starskiff Haven. If your friends made it out, then they'll already be in the safe zone. No need to worry, you'll see them when we get there.
You already said it when we were busy fighting. Luo... something... Luocha! Is that right? I remember it.
Let's go! Stay close, you two. Cloud Knight Sushang will guarantee your safety!
Ah, one more thing — I need you to write your names down later. I don't know too many characters, I might make a mistake...
So this is the Luofu's Ambrosial Arbor? It's my first time seeing it.
Clouds Knights don't visit the Ambrosial Arbor without a reason, plus I'm new here...
The Luofu's plaguemark is a tree, while the Yaoqing's is a moon. Ha, I think we got the better one.
...Well, there's nothing else for it, we're duty-bound to help the Ten-Lords Commission...
Uh, sorry... All Cloud Knights answer to the Ten-Lords Commission. Duty calls...
Apologies for asking you to stick with me a bit longer. I'll treat you guys when I get you back to safety.
Um... I guess you could slip away and find a safe spot to hide. I'll come back and get you once I've sent her on her way.
Not a smart way to operate. The Luofu is more dangerous than ever — I can't let you put yourself in harm's way.
Come onnnn⁓ Together is better!
Hey, wait for us!
You're the first Ten-Lords Commission judge I've met. What do you guys do, exactly?
Oh, hehe... Hopefully you'll be the last one I meet for a while then...
So are judges all loners? You don't seem to have any backup.
However?
Why are you two always so quiet?
...
Don't try to be a hero!
Hey! Do I sound like a dog to you?
You just said "there's no hope of the Cloud Knights arriving." I happen to be a Cloud Knight — wouldn't you call this a timely arrival?
Come with us for now. I'll take care of things here later.
*sigh* Looks like we're gonna to have to resort to unconventional methods. Are you gonna come with us willingly, or do I have to ask the guy behind me to carry you in his white death-box?
Now! Move it!
Huh? Why is there still a civilian out here?
The extent of the disaster means the Cloud Knights are short on manpower...
But don't worry! I'll keep you safe!
It's just a few steps away — you're not leaving with us?
Master Gongshu...
We're glad we could help!
She mentioned the Cloud Knights were at the Alchemy Commission — I should find a ship and regroup with my unit. What about you?
Aww, you just can't bear to see me go, huh? Come on then, let's go together.
You want to stay here? No, no, the Artisanship Commission isn't safe enough. How about this — I'll escort you and Mr. Luocha a little further.
...Doesn't look like it wants to let us through. Do you think if I yell at it I could scare it off?
Any ideas?
Y'know, you're getting less silent and more deadly by the minute! Sounds good, let's get it!
It makes things easier for the craftsmen. It's not like outsiders can just walk in here.
"Authorized personnel only. This chamber is sac..." How do you pronounce it?
You sure know a lot, Mr. Luocha.
Ha, that's something I do know. It's an aurumaton — they're service robots on the Xianzhou.
This man on the wanted list... he's a Stellaron Hunter, right? Is that...?
Little Gui kinda gave me an outline of what happened in the apothecary... Can you tell me more?
Thanks for telling me everything. I didn't think things would get so out of hand...
I would've been able to help you if I were there too... and maybe Little Gui wouldn't have ended up in the apothecary... *sigh*
You don't need to worry about Little Gui. She won't be able to sit still, even in a sick ward. I'm sure she'll come find you again in no time.
I'm heading to the apothecary to check up on her. Catch you later.
Hey, Luocha, you didn't finish telling us about the {RUBY_B#Aeon}Propagation{RUBY_E#}! Keep going — it's interesting. So Aeons can die, huh? Weird, I thought THEY were invincible...
...I don't understand. They're all Aeons, why do they want to fight?
Of course, I know! Well, I know a little. My mum made me practice with swords all day — I didn't really go to school...
Fine, how's this for a subject — what's in the box?
The deceased... A—Aren't you a merchant?
Nope. The Cloud Knights spend a lot of time on the battlefield — death is a common occurrence. It's just, we don't put bodies in boxes — uh — coffins... In Xianzhou, people go to the Hall of Karma in the {RUBY_B#Long-Life Supervisory Authority}Ten-Lords Commission{RUBY_E#} and consecrate the names and jade abacuses of the dead. It's our way of saying goodbye.
The foxians and the Vidyadhara have their own ceremonies. foxian soldiers place their dead in Starskiffs and then let them drift out into the stars. They call it "the Returning."
As for the Vidyadhara, they're... more mysterious. They say that when a Vidyadhara is very old or has a fatal injury, they turn into an egg that looks like a pearl. When the shell breaks, they come out looking young again...
My mum calls the Vidyadhara "Long's Scions." When I was young, she told me stories of how the Vidyadhara could turn into dragons. I don't know if that's true...
What do you know? Silent but deadly speaks.
Uh, let me ask you one more question... Do you know the person in the coffin?
Friend?
So, uh... a sweetheart?
It looks like someone's hurt!
Silent but deadly, Luocha, let's charge in together. If we take them out quickly, we can rescue the girl!
I—I've only got two hands! Please — I'll wangle you a prize for your bravery or something when it's all over!
Miss, are you okay?
Ah... Sorry, I didn't see any blood, so I thought you were okay... You're a {RUBY_B#cyborg}puppet{RUBY_E#}.
I, ah...
Luocha, silent but deadly, I'm afraid we have to delay things again... This lady is one of the judges of the {RUBY_B#Long-Life Supervisory Authority}Ten-Lords Commission{RUBY_E#}. As a Cloud Knight, I must prioritize her orders.
I'm sorry... If I'd known I wouldn't have got you to come with me. You'd probably be there by now if you'd gone by yourself...
Well, it's just... she's a {RUBY_B#cyborg}puppet{RUBY_E#}. I think we should just take her to the Realm-Keeping Commission?
H—How... What kind of "medical knowledge" is this!?
As a Cloud Knight, I can't just sit back and do nothing when I see civil unrest. And for your information, my name isn't "little miss feisty" — it's Sushang!
You're from... the Merchant Guild?
Ugh, you're being completely unreasonable. Why can't we talk this over?
They said "at the moment." That doesn't mean they'll never make the payments... right?
Okay... and if they can't?
Hmph! Deal!
It's okay — seeing that arrogant sneer on his face made me sick to my stomach. I had to do something.
...Now that I think about it, if I lose the bet, it'll reflect badly on the Cloud Knights... but you can't give in to bullies!
...Now that I think about it, if I lose the bet, it'll reflect badly on the Cloud Knights... but you can't give in to bullies! He's the one who'll be barking like a dog.
Maybe... but you can't give in to bullies!
Sure is, I've already started placing bets.
It was me who accepted the bet. You're not involved at all...
If we can make the businesses more profitable, then maybe we have a chance of paying back the IPC?
What about cutting costs?
Isn't this... a little unsafe?
Of course! It's just... I'm better with brawn than brains...
I'm Sushang of the Cloud Knights. I think you already know the little girl with horns on her head. And this is...
That's right, no one else in Aurum Alley needs to worry — it's all on me.
Right — if the Merchant Guild pay back what they owe, the only one barking will be that IPC stooge.
Then who should we blame? The IPC?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves — what are we gonna do about the matter at hand?
Now can you tell us what really happened to Aurum Alley?
I really hope you can help out.
I'm not worried about that, I just want to help save Aurum Alley.
...You don't want me to have to bark like a dog in front of all those people, do you? Besides, I'd really like to help the people in Aurum Alley.
My home, the Xianzhou Yaoqing, had much closer ties with the IPC. Initially, people thought they were just engaging in a little interstellar investment... but over time, things changed.
Gradually, the Yaoqing's younger generations began to enjoy the immersia produced by the IPC's Entertainment Division. Once they started wearing IPC clothing lines, you could hardly tell if they were Xianzhou locals or IPC employees.
After their Coming of Age Ceremonies, a lot of them aspired to join the IPC to make it big.
The architecture across the whole delve began to change. The graceful flying eaves I saw as a child became fewer and fewer, and the glazed tiles and Fallow Earth bricks gradually disappeared. Sleek, monolithic IPC buildings started sprouting up everywhere.
Any of the Yaoqing locals older than 500 — like my mother — will say the Yaoqing has changed. But they're not sure whether this change is leading to a better future, or if it's allowing short-life species to dictate their way of life... It's making everyone anxious.
When I saw Mingxi being confronted by the IPC, I felt the same uneasiness. She's been around several life-spans longer than that stooge, but somehow she was still at a loss for how to deal with him.
If our opponents were martial arts types, I could hold my own against them... but Aurum Alley's problems aren't something we can fight off with a sword.
I want to help the Merchant Guild, I want to help everyone at Aurum Alley... please help me help them!
If it involves helping people in need, count me in too.
Any problem facing Aurum Alley is also my problem. If you encounter any difficulties, don't hesitate to come find me.
Also... I should probably ask... Do you really think we'll be able to pay back everything owed on the dock?
I have a mission from the Cloud Knights, so I have to leave for now. If I have time, I'll definitely come back to Aurum Alley to help out.
You're just in time — everyone is asking this IPC goon for an explanation!
There's something wrong with the stuff this guy is shipping — it's causing damage to other people's goods, and our dock here is liable for the compensation...
Let's open that package right here, right now — then we'll see what he's hiding!
No need to make this difficult. Let's open it.
You tampered with this ingenium so that it caused damage to other goods on the freight skiff.
What!?
Then why was the toad here in the first place?
I... I guess we do.
...Sorry, sir.
Grrrr...
If it were you, you wouldn't have fallen for his trap.
He fooled us this once, but he won't fool us next time.
Grrrrrrrrrrrr...
My mother always told me that as long as I honed my skills, I'd be able to deal with any situation... Seems I've still got honing to do.
What exactly does the president have up their sleeve...
Records from Heron Express show that this container was sent by a person named "A-Feng." What do you have to say about that?
You received payments from the IPC, and in exchange you sabotaged the shipping operations at the dock.
That's right! You shouldn't be betraying your fellow workers for a quick profit.
Right, that guy's gonna be sorry for everything he's done. Time we got a public apology!
Remember, this is a war of words... over to you.
Couldn't the IPC choose a sane person to represent them?
I said: The — IPC — should — send — someone — else!
That was definitely your plan all along.
Ughhhh... this guy...
There will be a lot more later.
Don't feign ignorance — isn't that all by your own design?
This testimony is concrete proof that you instructed him to sabotage shipments.
Don't forget about our bet! You have to apologize in front of everyone!
Because you used dirty tricks to trample all over the honest work of others!
An apology alone won't be enough to fix the damage. If it were — I'd make you do it a thousand times over!
Consider yourself lucky it's just the once!
Really? I was just speaking from the heart.
Hurry up!
...Is that really necessary?
Will we actually get to see him this time?
What? I hadn't even considered something like that.
Yeah, we know you're in there. Open the door!
...Ugh, historical data isn't my forte. You better be telling the truth!
Is that the president speaking?
*sigh* This President is kinda stubborn...
Is there really no difference between our strategy and the IPC's?
I've heard that many places in the galaxy that partnered with the IPC have become popular areas for interstellar trade.
It makes sense that there are many merchants who oppose the Merchant Guild and support the IPC.
What kind of difference?
You're saying that the IPC is in it for the IPC, but we just want what's best for Aurum Alley...
...but the president wants what's best for Aurum Alley too, and yet we still disagree with him.
Shouldn't people choose the side that can earn them money?
The streets aren't owned by the Merchant Guild or the IPC... but by those who live here.
*sigh* I guess I don't have any special insights. I think... I think we should ask the merchants what they think.
Can you tell us why?
Great! Uh... your father is a very tough nut to crack.
I think we just made him surrender...
But is your shop part of the future that the IPC promised?
Mr. Xiao, why not try working with us? Mingxi is pushing for reforms within the guild. We're nothing like the president.
Let's do this.
We're all here... but where's the president?
...You're the president?
...that's missing the rest of its body.
That's right. The IPC will close down Artistry Hardware if they take over. We would never do that.
We protect businesses, the IPC sacrifices them for their own gain.
(He is convinced that the IPC and us are the same...)
If I were you, Mr. President, I would think of ways to translate the success of that one sample into something that can benefit everyone.
A guild that doesn't proactively help businesses has no reason to exist.
In the golden era you described, the old Aurum Alley had a trading volume similar to today.
We did. So what?
That won't be necessary...
The materials that Mingxi and Xiaohan provided were super useful.
I almost feel bad for him. Aurum Alley's enemy should be the IPC, not the president.
...You're with the IPC!?
You snake!
Hey! Not so fast, it's still anyone's game.
Over here!
Unbelievable, right? The food is so good.
Perhaps, but cycranes can make deliveries between delves.
That's definitely out of their delivery area.
Chef Yancui used to be on the president's side. After she heard about Mingxi's plans, she decided to cooperate with the dock. It's a good opportunity.
Not only that, putting Spices Supreme on the map would increase interest in the Alley as a whole.
To get us started, I've proposed a crossover between the Merchant Guild and Spices Supreme — buy a meal box and get a visiograph of Bailu!
Yancui has agreed to offer you free meals throughout the crossover.
Yancui has agreed to offer you free meals throughout the crossover.
Come, let's go talk to Yancui.
In short, Spices Supreme will release a series of crossover meal deals. Customers get Aurum Alley shopping coupons when they place an order.
Aaaand in addition to the coupons, you can get a visiograph of Bailu, our Alley ambassador!
Yep! Of course, Chef Yancui will have the final say on what to include in these deals.
Although some basic options should include Meal for One, Meal for Two, and Family Meal.
Yes. When customers are done eating, they can come to the Alley for a stroll.
We need someone famous for branding! Lady Bailu is the High Elder of the Vidyadhara, and also the most sought-after doctor in the Alchemy Commission. If she can be our ambassador, we'll have queues for miles.
Let's shoot three themed sets: "Bailu at the Alley Entrance," "Bailu and Cycranes," and the last one should be... Hmm, maybe "Bailu and Friends"?
Well, all the pictures will be shot in the Alley. So there you go.
As long as Bailu is in the pictures, we should be fine.
I mean... why not? "Aurum Alley — A Luofu Top-Ten Destination for Outworlders." So, have you made up your mind? Are we shooting Bailu or you?
Sure.
Let's go, folks.
That's it! Cuuuute... Here we go!
Hey Bailu, be natural!
Three, two, one... What's the word again?
Three, two, one... Cheeeese!
Three, two, one... Mung beaaaan!
Remember, smile when you say the word!
Cheeeese!
Mung beaaaan!
We need a slogan to go with the picture. Ugh... I wish I'd read more books. Any ideas?
Hmm, let's leave the slogan to Mingxi. We should head to the next location.
Gotta have another slogan for this one.
Hmm, let's leave the slogan to Mingxi. We should head to the next location.
Come on, need another slogan.
Last one, please!
Hmm...
I'll ask Mingxi for some more ideas later. Let's go back to Yancui's place.
Bailu can finally have her takeout!
We need a slogan to go with the picture. Ugh... I wish I'd read more books. Any ideas?
That's too generic.
Bold statement to make.
Aurum Alley, of course!
Hmm, let's leave the slogan to Mingxi. We should head to the next location.
Gotta have another slogan for this one.
Very original.
We're missing the point here...
I don't think that's on the cycrane agenda.
Hmm, let's leave the slogan to Mingxi. We should head to the next location.
Come on, need another slogan.
Last one, please!
One slogan to end them all.
You're out of ideas.
Are you trying to scare people away?
Hmm...
I'll ask Mingxi for some more ideas later. Let's go back to Yancui's place.
Before I met Xiaohan, I always imagined everyone at the IPC would be like Skott — overbearing and dodgy.
Now I understand, the IPC has many faces.
Let's do this.
Because of the crossover meal deals, the Alley has seen an uptick in customers.
Wrong. None of it would have been possible without winning the hearts of local businesses.
Classic IPC...
Shouldn't you gather people's opinions first?
Because people want it to retain its food street. We have proof of that.
We organized a crossover between the Merchant Guild and Spices Supreme.
By sending out coupons and gifts, we attracted twice as many customers as we normally would. This shows that food is still a big reason why people visit the Alley.
You don't know that!
I'm only concerned with what's best for the Alley here and now.
Do you think the guild won the bid?
It sure feels like it sometimes...
I'm not that pessimistic...
Not the brightest idea.
Anyway, no point in standing around here worrying. I'm heading back to the Alley. Talk to you soon!
Yeah, all in a day's work.
The same can be said for all of us.
Guess we can say "that's it for today's episode."
"Be eager to help those in need and do one good deed a day..." I like to practice what I preach, but I never thought we'd accomplish so much.
I couldn't have backed down, could I? Besides, we got him good.
Bailu told me you two heard me yelling before you showed up. Is that true?
I don't blame her. I got excited when I heard people arguing at the dock... and the rest is history.
It feels surreal that everything worked out for the Alley.
Yeah... Everything could have easily gone wrong.
Sure, there were clashes and distrust, but virtually everyone was acting in the best interest of the Alley. If that hadn't been the case, the whole thing would have fallen apart.
I say "virtually" because of Skott, of course... Lucky for us, he wasn't as smart as he thought he was.
Exactly. Madam Yukong would never allow malicious competition. If we hadn't taught Skott a lesson, the Sky-Faring Commission would have done so anyway.
Then the IPC would've been more brutal, and the situation would've been much harder for us... Thankfully, Xiaohan turned out to be upright and reasonable.
Taking all that into account, did we get lucky, or was Aurum Alley always destined to pull through?
Agreed!
Hmph, I may not be as well-read as you, but my mom taught me a thing or two!
I guess the love and care for the Alley brought everyone together, and that's why despite all the difficulties, things turned out for the best.
Hehe.
Ha, better start getting used to it.
Monologues aside, there's still plenty of work to do to get the Alley back on track. The dock still needs your help.
Let me know if you run into trouble again, I'll be there. Talk to you later!
Hey, I'm a reliable squad member too!
Cut it out — if you keep teasing me, I—I... I'm not gonna perform my boulder-smashing trick for you anymore!
But why did Little Gui have to get dragged into this? This mission is too dangerous for a civilian!
Uh... I might not be a scholar, but I don't think calling someone a "hawk" is a compliment.
Captain Huohuo, should we start the ghost hunt now?
Let's see... Ghast—ly Grayv... ee? Ghastly Gravy!? What kind of website is that?
So we still have to go out and fact-check the leads?
Speaking of attracting attention... how do we get a following on a paranormal activity website? Sounds like Little Gui's department — she used me in some of her performances just to draw a bigger crowd.
Wait, aren't we supposed to be operating in secret?
Why are you looking at me? Want a medal or something...? It does kinda sound like a good idea...
Lady Bailu disappeared? That's nothing new — she sneaks off all the time.
Okay, so what are we waiting for? Let's get moving and see if we can find some witnesses.
Cirrus, we've come to ask you a few questions. I hope you'll be cooperative.
Hey! Where's my sword? Y—You just wait...
Okay, okay... I just wish I could teach them a lesson!
That's right! For us, any problem that can be solved by force isn't a problem at all.
We'll be fine! For us, any problem that can be solved by force isn't a problem at all.
Thank you for your help, general. Let's get going!
Oh yeah? Since you're so familiar with the place, you can lead the way and conduct the interviews!
Don't worry Judge Huohuo. Effective communication with the public is one of the basic skills of a Cloud Knight~
Hello there! Judging by your clothing, you two must be healers from the Alchemy Commission. My name is Sushang — I'm a Cloud Knight Soldier. Are you looking for the Dragon Lady who suddenly disappeared?
Uh... Hah, good question! So, actually, we're affiliated with the Ten—
Lady Bailu, come out and play with us!
Ghoooooooost!!!
Ah, sorry! But seriously — I knew it was a heliobus, but seeing double Bailu like that sent shivers down my spine!
Strange... Is this also the work of the heliobus?
Come on, you're too modest for your own good.
They sure made us run, though. If I ever have to run like that again on the job, I'm filing for worker's comp.
Case closed! I never knew catching heliobi would require so much work...
It's over! Whew... Now I can finally get some rest.
I couldn't agree more.
I'd rather focus on resting first... I need to wait for my heart rate to recover before I go chasing another heliobus.
Little Gui, this is official business — it's nothing like the street fights we're always dealing with. You can stop being so excited...
I heard that you broke one of the Ten-Lords Commission's sacred instruments, and almost—
Little Gui's methods can be a little unorthodox, but that's just because she has a vivid imagination... When it comes to getting things done, she's actually pretty reliable.
Haha, I'm worried you don't trust her plan. Just relax — Little Gui is unbeatable in her area of expertise.
That's just the sticky glop that holds friends together!
Like the time Guinaifen dragged me to Fyxestroll Garden so I could protect her, but I was so scared I ended up fainting...
While I was passed out, she went and caused all kinds of trouble... I neglected my duty of keeping her from making a mess of things.
But I'll redeem myself this time! I'll make sure to protect her— uh, and also keep an eye on her...
That being said, why did you decide to come back into this mess? Dealing with heliobi isn't an easy task...
Hahahaha, oh yeah! No one asked you if you wanted to join the ghost hunting squad — we just took you in by default.
Sure you don't wanna reconsider? It's not too late to change your mind!
Good point! May as well see it through!
Oh, that's right, you were possessed by a heliobus once before — guess it wasn't a pleasant experience, was it?
C'mon, don't act tough.
I'll bet, poor you... This time we're gonna avenge you! I'll show those heliobi what happens when they mess with my friend!
Ah! Can you not do that...? Don't worry, this time we're gonna avenge you! I'll show those heliobi what happens when they mess with my friend!
What are you, a mob boss?
You're brave, I'll give you that... Just seeing a heliobus makes me weak in the knees. You... won't laugh at me if I faint, right?
Ugh, I can't stand the thought of those things roaming free. After what Little Gui and I went through, I'm not about to let them have their ghostly way.
I have to redeem my honor this time! I have to protect Little Gui!
You can say that again...
Hey, you over there! Release Lady Bailu!
Whew... By the Arbiter... They sure know... how to run...
...Catch your breath... before you pass out...
Let's... let's try a new strategy... I don't think we can beat them like this. We need to use our heads...
Then... good for you! But you should probably catch your breath first... I could hear you panting from a mile away.
Are you serious? Does that little dragon girl look like she's gonna come running over to us?
Gather round children!
Nice story. But what's it got to do with chasing Lady Bailu?
If we catch Lady Bailu, will Luxie really follow her into our trap? Do heliobi really have a sense of loyalty to their victims?
Yeah...
I'm sleepy... Little Gui, what kind of magical elixir did you take to make you so energetic?
Well aren't you lucky. As soon as I closed my eyes, I dreamt of endless running and circling and chasing after Lady Bailu... it was even more exhausting than doing it in real life.
Catching ghosts is a night job — it only makes sense to sleep during the day.
I have an idea — how about we all just pretend that I've been possessed by a sleep ghost, let me sleep for another ten hours, and then call it a day's work?
Divination Commission? Celestial Jade? Shouldn't they be doing... divinations?
Who is this, exactly?
...I take my job seriously! I'd never post something like "late as usual" on a public forum.
You're right... Maybe we should contact Miss Qingque and warn her not to go to work today.
The Divination Commission may have been infiltrated by some unknown creature... If you rush in, you could become a target too!
I want Qingque to have an idea of the gravity of the situation.
What are they looking at?
Darn... Now we're down one person!
That's not quite the right way to describe it...
Are there two Qingques?
That's right — you were just a victim of the heliobus's trickery, Diviner Fu — no need to blame yourself.
It's finally time to get back to bed. Goodbye, everyone.
I never thought slacking off could convince me of anything... the sign of a true scholar! A diviner of the Divination Commission after all!
If we can help, I'm in.
Sounds like a very hungry criminal came up with a very poor excuse...
Guys, I feel like this is just some sort of prank... or a marketing stunt to boost ticket sales.
Huohuo has been browsing Ghostly Grove for hours. Every time she finds a suspicious incident, she says: "Do you think Tail did this?"
The problem is, any suspicious incident could be Tail-related when you think about it...
He was your tail for so many years, I'm sure he'd come back to say hi... or bye.
Did you find Tail?
Let's hurry up and get to the scene — there'll be trouble to pay if we're too late.
Actually, we're... not really unauthorized, are we, Judge?
It's a very long story, so let's deal with the problem at hand first.
That sounds just like... a heliobus!
Lots of children grow up learning to use a sword on the Luofu, but for a child to be walking around with one...
I knew it...
Are YOU alright? You should be asking the Cloud Knight.
Not good!
It's Yanqing's sword — I saw him wield it one time when I was doing drills with the Cloud Knights.
I heard that Yanqing's sword is a famous weapon crafted by the Artisanship Commission. It resonates with its master — reacting to his movements in battle like it has a mind of its own.
He must have encountered some kind of danger... and his sword flew away to find someone to help, right?
I'm not sure, but the heliobi are strange creatures — even the sharpest sword can't cut them.
If it's not auspicious, you'd best not say it out loud!
We've got to catch up with him before things get out of hand.
Should we really be charging over there? Even without a heliobus, Yanqing is a swordsmaster among swordsmasters.
Scared? Hmph! My mother taught me swordplay as soon as I could walk. I might not be as good as the general's apprentice, but I would never let cowardice dishonor the name of the Cloud Knights or the family sword...
...but I am worried... If the heliobus possessing Yanqing is too strong, I'm afraid I might not be able to guarantee everyone's safety.
Actually, I'm well aware of my own limits. If it weren't for Yanqing resisting that heliobus, maybe I wouldn't have been able to hold on until you brought reinforcements.
...Hehe, it's kinda embarassing but... I was caught up in the moment — I guess I never thought it through...
After weighing things up in my head, it made the most sense for only me to stay put.
Sorry Huohuo, I didn't think it through. You were never a burden.
What are all these swords doing in Dragonprayer Terrace...?
Apyra? That heliobus's name is Apyra?
Hmph, "life for victory and death for defeat," huh? All this talk of laws of the battlefield and the universe — you think that gives the appearance of a grand master? You're just using someone else's ambition to satisfy your own desire to shed blood.
This Xuanyuan Sword in my hand has been passed down through my family for generations. When my mother gave it to me, she said: "The bread may bake, but the hearth remains..." and for a long time I had no idea what she was talking about.
Today I just realized I misheard her. I think she actually said: "The edge may break, but the heart remains..." probably.
Lieutenant Yanqing, the winner and loser of this battle have yet to be determined. Don't give me that "there's no point in fighting any longer" speech!
This is between fellow Cloud Knights. Losing a fight isn't a big deal, but if I abandon my fellow soldiers and bring dishonor to the Knights, how could I wield my sword again?
Granted, I might not last more than a few moves. You guys go get the general — quickly! I'll try and hold him off until he gets here!
Lieutenant of the Seat of Divine Foresight... Is that the best you can do? And I was thinking I'd be done for the moment you drew your sword.
I didn't think... I didn't think I would last this long. I... I'm not half as bad as I thought.
Phew. It's about time we got this guy into the gourd.
Why does everyone that gets "heliobused" love to apologize for it? You're the victim here. They're the ones stirring up chaos.
It should be me thanking you for holding back during our battle...
So you've made it your daily mission to tease me, huh?
Lieutenant Yanqing, snap out of it! We don't want to fight you!
Right, maybe someone deceived her with news about Tail — told her "she could only go alone." Sounds like a trick some nasty kidnapper would use.
I knew it!
What do we do now? I'll go get help from the Alchemy Commission.
No, we shouldn't do what they expect us to. They've been manipulating us from Fyxestroll Garden all along. We need to find out what they really want before we go any further.
Surprised!? Huohuo has been worried sick trying to find you, and now something else has gone after her!
Well, well, Tail actually does belong to Miss Huohuo!
I wrote to my mom about the recent monster-slaying and demon-fighting stuff I've been doing for the Ten-Lords Commission.
I told her I went toe-to-toe with the swordfighting prodigy Yanqing and held my own against fragments of Ignamar. But all she did was scold me for getting into trouble! Do you think she was being sarcastic?
What could be more important than protecting the Xianzhou from the threat of heliobi?
You sound just like her...
Always on the hunt for more followers...
Stay where you are — I can handle this.
Emergencies should be dealt with by professionals...
Haha, the grown-ups in the Underworld listen to Wildfire and the kids listen to us Moles. I'm the leader of The Moles, by the way. You may call me Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
Moles, Moles, leaving our holes, brave Moles, charge as a whole!
Moles dismissed! Sleep well and see you tomorrow!
Diggertron used to be a hard-working mining machine. After it retired, it heard my call and became the ruthless villain-smashing iron fist!
Haha! Under my leadership, we recruited Julian of a Thousand Faces, Luka Strongarm, and Cunning Child! Everyone joins the cause!
Expeditions in the mines, expeditions in the clinic, expeditions on the surface... e—expeditions in the unknown!
People say if you worry too much, your head gets super heavy. Wouldn't that make it harder for me to get taller? Waaaah...
Grown-ups always say things like "you'll understand when you're older," but Hook heard you forget things when you're older! Don't believe me? Let's see who knows more stuff!
Hook's interested in loads of things, like... lizards that carry Geomarrow on their backs, o—or olms that survive without eating food... Natasha told me that there are flowers on the surface that only bloom once a year. I really really wanna go see them...
Old witch... Ahem. Natasha is beautiful and nice, but when she gets angry she, uhh... isn't so nice. B—But still beautiful...
Waaaah... Clara... when can you join The Moles...?
Hook's Diggertron is mightier than Svarog's fist! Hmph!
I run into Mr. Sampo almost everywhere. Does he like expeditions too?
Miss Seele talks loud, but sometimes Hook still beats her in an argument, hehe~
Hook loves daddy! One day, Hook's gonna dig up a big treasure and build daddy a huge huge house!
Luka loves to eat meat — just like Hook! That's why we're such great friends!
Hook's ready to find the next treasure!
It's Mr. Blue Hair! Where are we going this time?
Luka! Let's go beat up some bad guys...
You've still got time to surrender!
N-Nobody bullies Hook!
Ha! Time to make some mischief!
Hey! Don't ignore me!
Who are you calling small!?
Eh--hehe... Didn't expect that, right?
You hit me!
That huuuurt!
Follow Hook if you wanna win!
Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has arrived — make, way, make way... Woo-hoo~ BANG!
Wait til I tell my daddy on you...
Hmph, what would you do without Hook?
You're a good person!
Ehehehe~
I hereby pronounce this expedition a success!
Yay! Let's take it all!
Wow... Daddy will love this!
Huh? I wanna play again!
*gasp* That one's a little scary.
First you go a-searching, then you go a-running, searching, running, jump jump jump!
Form a line, villains!
Now you see me... now you don't~
Is this for Hook?
Ha! Hook could do this blindfolded~
Haha, the grown-ups in the Underworld listen to Wildfire and the kids listen to us Moles. I'm the leader of The Moles, by the way. You may call me Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
Moles, Moles, leaving our holes, brave Moles, charge as a whole!
Moles dismissed! Sleep well and see you tomorrow!
Diggertron used to be a hard-working mining machine. After it retired, it heard my call and became the ruthless villain-smashing iron fist!
Haha! Under my leadership, we recruited Julian of a Thousand Faces, Luka Strongarm, and Cunning Child! Everyone joins the cause!
Expeditions in the mines, expeditions in the clinic, expeditions on the surface... e—expeditions in the unknown!
People say if you worry too much, your head gets super heavy. Wouldn't that make it harder for me to get taller? Waaaah...
Grown-ups always say things like "you'll understand when you're older," but Hook heard you forget things when you're older! Don't believe me? Let's see who knows more stuff!
Hook's interested in loads of things, like... lizards that carry Geomarrow on their backs, o—or olms that survive without eating food... Natasha told me that there are flowers on the surface that only bloom once a year. I really really wanna go see them...
Old witch... Ahem. Natasha is beautiful and nice, but when she gets angry she, uhh... isn't so nice. B—But still beautiful...
Waaaah... Clara... when can you join The Moles...?
Hook's Diggertron is mightier than Svarog's fist! Hmph!
I run into Mr. Sampo almost everywhere. Does he like expeditions too?
Miss Seele talks loud, but sometimes Hook still beats her in an argument, hehe~
Hook loves daddy! One day, Hook's gonna dig up a big treasure and build daddy a huge huge house!
Luka loves to eat meat — just like Hook! That's why we're such great friends!
Hook's ready to find the next treasure!
It's Mr. Blue Hair! Where are we going this time?
Luka! Let's go beat up some bad guys...
You've still got time to surrender!
N-Nobody bullies Hook!
Ha! Time to make some mischief!
Hey! Don't ignore me!
Who are you calling small!?
Eh--hehe... Didn't expect that, right?
You hit me!
That huuuurt!
Follow Hook if you wanna win!
Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has arrived — make, way, make way... Woo-hoo~ BANG!
Wait til I tell my daddy on you...
Hmph, what would you do without Hook?
You're a good person!
Ehehehe~
I hereby pronounce this expedition a success!
Yay! Let's take it all!
Wow... Daddy will love this!
Huh? I wanna play again!
*gasp* That one's a little scary.
First you go a-searching, then you go a-running, searching, running, jump jump jump!
Form a line, villains!
Now you see me... now you don't~
Is this for Hook?
Ha! Hook could do this blindfolded~
Haha, the grown-ups in the Underworld listen to Wildfire and the kids listen to us Moles. I'm the leader of The Moles, by the way. You may call me Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
Moles, Moles, leaving our holes, brave Moles, charge as a whole!
Moles dismissed! Sleep well and see you tomorrow!
Diggertron used to be a hard-working mining machine. After it retired, it heard my call and became the ruthless villain-smashing iron fist!
Haha! Under my leadership, we recruited Julian of a Thousand Faces, Luka Strongarm, and Cunning Child! Everyone joins the cause!
Expeditions in the mines, expeditions in the clinic, expeditions on the surface... e—expeditions in the unknown!
People say if you worry too much, your head gets super heavy. Wouldn't that make it harder for me to get taller? Waaaah...
Grown-ups always say things like "you'll understand when you're older," but Hook heard you forget things when you're older! Don't believe me? Let's see who knows more stuff!
Hook's interested in loads of things, like... lizards that carry Geomarrow on their backs, o—or olms that survive without eating food... Natasha told me that there are flowers on the surface that only bloom once a year. I really really wanna go see them...
Old witch... Ahem. Natasha is beautiful and nice, but when she gets angry she, uhh... isn't so nice. B—But still beautiful...
Waaaah... Clara... when can you join The Moles...?
Hook's Diggertron is mightier than Svarog's fist! Hmph!
I run into Mr. Sampo almost everywhere. Does he like expeditions too?
Miss Seele talks loud, but sometimes Hook still beats her in an argument, hehe~
Hook loves daddy! One day, Hook's gonna dig up a big treasure and build daddy a huge huge house!
Luka loves to eat meat — just like Hook! That's why we're such great friends!
Whoaaaa! So much ice! But it's warm here... aren't you Overworlders worried it'll melt?
Ah, Geomarrow! It's a shame daddy isn't here — He'd find a buyer for it and sell it for big bucks!
A "photo?" What's that? Hook wants to see it!
Wow! Photos are awesome! ...Can Hook have it?
Wow! Did you see that, Clara? A super suuuper big steel monster just ran past!
Don't worry about the name! The important thing is I saw what it can do — it has a huuuuge appetite and swallows people whole!
And it just so happens to be The Moles' next target, hehe... We'll defeat the iron monster and save the people in its tummy!
Mm-hmm, in fact, it's awesome!
Loads of kids take part.
We're here! This is it.
Hook's gonna go fight. See ya later!
The Moles are in charge, that's who! ...But only of the kids. Wildfire is in charge of grown-up business.
Umm, The Moles control everything underground!
Umm, it's... The Moles for grown-ups...
Ooh! They need one more player there! I—I gotta go! If you ever wanna fight, come find me!
There are so many people here — Hook's too short. I can't see anything...
Wha—! When did you... D—Did you hear what Hook was saying?
Good. Hook didn't say anything, and you didn't hear it.
Hehe, good. Wait a second... You did too hear everything Hook was saying!
Hmph, grown-up fights are less fun than ours. So what if I can't see!
You have to use your fists, palms, and even your fingers in combat! If you don't know how, you're done for! You need to train until your body is an extension of the mind... and the mind is an extension of your will.
Yep! All the ins and outs, hehe! ...What does that mean?
Hmph, Hook isn't an overgrounder y'know! Hook never tells fibs!
Hey, are you done with your secret talk!? The Moles' time is precious!
Ummmm... sure. I guess so. Then... you guys are seeking!
Hmm... you're right Julian. Okay, let's do a practice one. I'll hide, you two have to find me!
S—So what, it's just a practice! Wait until we're playing for real — you'll see!
Alright, now we're playing for real! You gotta count to fifty before you open your eyes — no cheating!
The Moles haven't lost a game for ages! You're doomed!
You got it yet? We're the underground's greatest hiders and seekers!
N—Not fair! I'm the boss of The Moles — how can I lose to a bunch of villains!
Do your worst! I'm not afraid.
Darn! How did you see through Julian's disguise? What villainy is this?
Ummmm... Yes. The boss of The Moles is true to her word!
Hook saw the blue-haired guy take your dark-haired friend to the Fight Club.
Is this more secret talk?
Hmm~ But it's an obvious building, grown-ups are just useless~
Come with Hook, I'll take you over.
That's Pitch-Dark Hook the Great, to you! Who said you could shorten my title!?
Ah, honorary member of The Moles! Listen up!
How rude! You should have called me Pitch-Dark... Ugh, never mind...
Thank you for helping Hook find the detector, but now Hook needs to ask you another favor...
Haha, I haven't even mentioned what this is about! But that's the spirit. You truly are an honorary member of The Moles!
Hook and daddy's birthday is approaching! Every year at this time, we exchange gifts and celebrate our birthday together.
Yeah, what's the problem?
Daddy's job has been more difficult since moving to Boulder Town. He gets home really late every day. I don't want to use his hard-earned money to buy a gift!
Hee-hee...
...Oh, I've broken a thing or two in the clinic, you see... I'm too embarrassed to ask for help from the old witch...
Actually, I still have some valuable treasure of my own in Rivet Town. It's a shame I left it there. If I go bring it back and sell it for a decent price, I can buy a gift for daddy without begging anyone for money.
I know that Rivet Town is super dangerous right now! That's why I'd like to enlist you as my bodyguard!
That way, even if the old witch finds out later, I won't be the only one getting a scolding, hehe!
Wh—What nonsense! This is an order from the boss of The Moles. An order!
And I'm still a kid! You wouldn't let me go inside the Fragmentum by myself, would you?
Then it's settled, let's meet in Rivet Town! I'll be waiting for you in a safe spot. You're not allowed to not come!
I've got to get back to my treasure!
Let's agree to meet in Rivet Town! I'll be waiting for you in a safe spot. You're not allowed to not come!
Hey, are you patronizing me!?
Hmph, at least hear me out first before you refuse.
N—Natasha! Junjun's in bad shape. Can you help me fix him...?
The... the wind brought him back to me...
Natasha, please! Please help me fix Junjun. I'll clean the clinic for you for a whole month!
...Did the old witch yell at you?
*sigh* But you were only there to help Hook... I'm sorry, honorary member!
What? Why did she only yell at Hook!?
Never mind that. You didn't tell her what I was really up to, did you?
Great! Your loyalty as an honorary member of The Moles is acknowledged.
...I'm aware of that! I just... didn't want to upset her!
Anyway, why are you still standing here, silly? Do you have something to report to the boss of The Moles?
G—Gems!? Does that mean he's worth a lot of money?
Of course I'll sell him! If the gems are expensive, Hook can buy a better birthday gift for daddy!
What are you talking about? Of course, I do! If the gems are expensive, Hook can buy a better birthday gift for daddy!
I don't want to keep Junjun's eyes. If some kid gets a Junjun with no eyes, they'll be sad, right?
Anyhow, this is super useful intel! If you'd been with The Moles a bit longer, I'd be promoting you to third-in-command right now!
I'll need your help again after Natasha fixes Junjun! Always be prepared to answer the call of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
Whoaaaa...! Look at the big blue ceiling!
The label must've been on this box! Wait a minute... What's that smell?
*sniff* It smells like condiments! Mmm, this smells like salt-grilled olm...
Not too many people smell like this...
There won't be any eating until we find the culprit!
I think the thief took daddy's treasure... and I think that this damaged probe is from the detector!
Has daddy's treasure been sold already?
Where could the thief have gone? Hmm... think, Hook, think...
Oh yeah! I saw Mr. Sampo on the way to the mine when I came here... Could he be involved in this?
Follow Hook, Mr. Sampo should be that way!
Go away, you brutes! Don't bully my daddy!
Daddy...?
You'll never lay a finger on daddy without passing through Hook!
Ah, it's you! Come and help Hook!
Daddy, are you hurt?
Don't worry about me! I have Diggertron. No one can hurt me!
Daddy, let's go to the old witch's clinic. You're seriously hurt!
See!
Hey, whose side are you on!?
Mmm... Hook understands!
Daddy, are we short on money? Why did you do that?
Daddy...
Hmph, you traitor!
...Wait, Hook needs you to help with something!
Yes! We can't just stand by and do nothing!
...I haven't said what we're gonna do! But that's the spirit. You truly are an honorary member of The Moles!
That detector is daddy's treasure, so I gotta get it back! You'll help me, won't you?
Seeya!
Members of The Moles gotta help each other out! ...Please...
I—I mean... Argh...
Let me introduce you to Swetta. She is daddy's most trusted miner.
I'm here to find daddy's treasure, his vein detector! I heard that someone stole it, is that true?
But... what?
Ugh, adults are so dishonest! Hook's gonna question them one by one!
Spill it! Did you steal my daddy's detector?
Hmph, anyone can say that... If you really didn't steal anything, then just answer our questions!
Did you steal daddy's detector?
Really? Then you better answer our questions honestly!
Hey, would you mind talking more nicely?
...I don't feel like she is the thief.
...Well, it's the hunch of Pitch Dark Hook the Great...
...I know!
Did you steal daddy's detector?
Uh... Well, then answer our questions! We'll decide if we believe you or not.
Argh... You!
I'll give you one more chance. Think carefully and give your answer to Diggertron this time!
We just need you to answer a few questions!
Argh... Hook's head is spinning! Do you remember everything they said?
Hmm... I don't know why, but I'll trust your judgment!
Come on, let's go accuse the culprit!
I think the cook and merchant are the most suspicious. My gut tells me that one of them is the culprit.
Don't worry. Even if you choose the wrong one, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has other ways to uncover the true culprit.
Huh!? Where's the cook? Where did he go?
Argh! That guy has to be guilty! Where is he running off to...
Hook figured it out, you're the one who stole daddy's detector!
Wrong? Why? Explain yourself!
She's pretty stubborn about denying it... Should we think it over again?
If she's lying, then that makes her the thief! But then, what the cook and merchant said would contradict each other...
What! Can I even count on you?
Forget it, let's keep looking for the culprit!
Ah? You mean... we got it wrong?
Just you wait. I'll find evidence, and then you'll be begging me for mercy!
Hey, you're not questioning yourself, are you? Let's look for evidence and let him beg me for mercy!
Hmm... Let's go look around and see if there are any more clues.
Hmm... Maybe he really isn't the thief. Hook doesn't think he's lying...
Just think about it! Swetta said that only the real thief would lie to us.
If the thief really is the helper, then what he and the merchant said would both be wrong!
Hmph! Adults are all so unreliable! Let's go look for more clues.
Let's go look around where daddy kept the detector. Maybe we can find some clues there.
This is the label from a supply box... I know where those boxes are!
That way, let's go take a look!
Mr. Sampo's always at the clinic hanging around Miss Natasha. Hook thought he was really sick or something!
If he's working with the thief... then he's also a bad guy!
You two, stop right there! Pitch-Dark Hook the Great has arrived!
You! You stole daddy's treasure! Diggertron will not spare you...!
Diggertron... get ready!
Hah, you sure talked tough for someone who can't fight! Come on, hand the detector over to Hook!
...
No... No! Daddy's treasure... It's broken!
But... But...
Balaway the Miner's Lamp... Got it! Thanks, Mr. Sampo.
Look at this! The detector's probe broke off, can you fix it?
Yes, look extra close! You have to help Hook fix it!
...
...
Alright then, let's go find daddy...
...
But... daddy's detector... is broken. It's all my fault... If only I could've found it sooner...
I'm fine! Daddy, can you see if your detector still works?
I'm sorry, daddy. I didn't help one bit...
But, daddy's treasure... Waaaah...
...Huh?
Huh, even you know what it is?
It can... cry?
Hook... doesn't really understand.
So, the treasure daddy is talking about...
Daddy...
...Well, it wasn't actually that long. As long as you're here now, it's fine!
...Okay, whatever you say. As long as you're here now, it's fine!
I got some good news and some bad news. Which do you wanna hear first?
I told the rest of The Moles about the plan, and Julian asked me to get some treasure for him. If we don't help him, he'll tell the old witch where we've gone!
The good news is that he's willing to contribute to our adventure. Look, he gave me this gardening shovel!
Julian is willing to contribute to our adventure. Look, he gave me this gardening shovel!
The bad news is that he asked us to help him get some treasure... Otherwise, he'll tell the old witch about our plan!
Well, Julian has been a huge help to me! Consider this returning the favor.
Hehehehe her...? No, what? N—Nonsense, no! Nobody scares Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!
Well, the treasure won't grow legs and find us, will it! Come on, let's go!
Julian's parents used to own a business in this area. When we were all forced to leave the town, there were lots of things they didn't have time to take with them.
...It shouldn't be too hard to locate his treasure! Let's start by looking over there!
Ah, we found Julian's treasure! No, not the key — these glass marbles. Look at all the different colors! I bet it wasn't easy collecting all these.
What? Hee-hee, you don't know? Have you never played marbles before!?
By the way, what does this key open? Maybe Julian knows...
No, these marbles are what he's after.
But I'm also curious... What does this key open? Let's ask Julian when we get back.
What's that look on your face? Oh, I get it. You don't think this jar of glass marbles is worth anything, right?
Hmph, don't even try to pretend otherwise! The look on your face sold you out!
Let me tell you something, this jar of marbles means a lot to The Moles.
Julian used it to help The Moles overcome a super-huge crisis, for which he was promoted to second-in-command!
Of course it wasn't that. But his accomplishments are nothing to be scoffed at!
It was a super-huge crisis that jeopardized The Moles' honor!
In the past, the kids in town were archrivals to us at the orphanage! Those kids used to bully us, relying on the pocket money that their parents gave 'em.
One time, they sent us a formal declaration of war — challenging The Moles to a marbles competition!
We were all well aware that we didn't stand a chance! We at the orphanage only had some old glass marbles we scavenged from the side of the road, which were no match for those rich kids' marbles!
Nonetheless, Julian bravely accepted the challenge... and triumphantly returned with a pile of colorful glass marbles he won! It was incredible!
Yep. So now you know why he wanted us to find this treasure.
Alright, enough chit-chat! Next we need to find my treasure.
You're being a rude adult again... Believe me, I'm not exaggerating when I say that crisis was super huge!
After that epic story, that's all you have to say? Ugh... I would've been better off telling a stone-grilled olm instead.
Time to get to work! Hook's treasure is hidden below the orphanage, near the mine's entrance.
This doesn't feel like the Rivet Town I remember... Do you think the orphanage is like this now too?
This place is nothing like it was before I left! Boxes and mine carts are all over the street. What a mess! Did someone move my treasure too?
I used to keep it in the mining team's junk pile. Behind the corner, there were heaps of Geomarrow and boxes. Hopefully, it hasn't been taken.
That's all I can recall. But don't worry, I'll look with you! Heh, I may even find it before you.
I'll look with you. We'll definitely find it if we work together.
What a shame, honorary member! In the end, we still had to rely on Pitch-Dark Hook the Great herself.
Quick, help! I can't reach it, it's too high!
Look, it's in this box! This miniature drill rig was given to me by a guy from daddy's mining team as a birthday present!
I'm going to turn it on... Whoosh!
Huh...?
Ohh...
It... it won't turn on...
J—Just don't talk to me right now... I need to calm down!
I said don't talk to me right now! I need time to think...
Honorary member... Um, I wonder, how much do you think Julian's glass marbles would sell for?
...Uhh, what? Hehehe, did you think I was serious? I wasn't actually planning on selling these marbles — besides, they aren't even worth much.
...*sigh* I wasn't actually planning on selling these marbles... But Julian gets his treasure and I get nothing... What a lousy bargain!
That might work... but it'll be pretty expensive to fix, right?
Not possible. Daddy said that guy went missing one day, and he never saw him again. Maybe he went to someplace far away...
I have no idea when he'll come back. So that definitely won't work!
Not as much as Diggertron, but that guy who gave it to me was pretty skillful. He could always make fancy things.
Wait a second! I hid another treasure at the orphanage! I don't want to sell it, but if I want to buy daddy a gift, I don't have any other choice...
Honorary member, please! Please help me look for it! Just one more time!
Yay, let's go!
*sigh* Why are you so lazy? I'm so unlucky!
That's it!? Ugh, I guess I'll have to abandon my evil plan.
I promise this is the last time! Let's go!
No! Don't leave! If we go back now, everything we've done so far will be for nothing! I promise this is the last time. Let's go!
Why are there so many monsters here!? We need to deal with them first!
Wait! Let me take a look at my notes. I marked the location where I stashed the treasure.
It's a reward from the old witch! You'll know what it is after I dig it up.
"Go down the stairs on the left, then walk ten paces forward. Turn right, walk another fifteen paces. Spin around ten times, then keep walking forward..."
...Oh, no... I'm doomed! The second half of my notes are completely ruined!
What kind of lame treasure map would it be if it only had one or two steps!?
Without the second half of my notes, how will I ever find the treasure...
R—Really? Quick, let me see!
Wow! This little thing... it can talk?
Aren't you sassy! But if you can help me find my treasure, I'll let it slide!
What's this? Looks like something is written on it... "For Julian 50 years in the future"?
Whatever. Since we've already dug it up, let's open it!
I guess you're right... We should wait 50 years before opening it! Let's take it back to Julian along with the glass marbles.
Really? The old witch did say that some things will emit a poisonous gas after being buried for a long time...
Okay forget it, let's not open it!
Here it is — my teddy bear! The old witch gave it to me as a gift!
Yes, he's called Junjun!
Hey! Don't underestimate Junjun!
Whoa, Junjun... How did you get covered in dirt? And why do you have so many loose threads? If we don't get you cleaned up, no one will buy you.
Well, the old witch said that Junjun isn't just any old teddy bear! He'll be worth a lot of money once he's cleaned up!
*sigh* There's no other way... I haven't learned to sew yet — I'll have to ask the old witch for help.
Of course! The old witch said Junjun isn't just any old teddy bear!
*sigh* I haven't learned to sew yet — I'll have to ask the old witch for help.
If she finds out I went somewhere I shouldn't have gone... *whimper* Hook will get lectured all over again...
But so what if the old witch yells at me, Hook still has to prepare the gift for daddy!
We've found the treasure. Let's split! The monsters here give Hook goosebumps — too scary!
I'm warning you — don't you dare tell the old witch about Hook's plan to sell the treasure!
Don't worry, your sacrifice isn't in vain! The Moles will remember your contribution!
Huh!? Wh—What the heck are you guys doing here? Ugh, wait till I get my hands on Julian, that traitor... Where's his integrity!?
I... I did not! The Moles hold a vote on all our expedition destinations!
...Fine, I will. But it better be exciting.
Ah, you snitch! You'll regret it, I'm warning you...
Hmph, celebrate while you can! Hide-and-seek is best of five, y'know...
Anyway, enough about hide-and-seek. You came all this way to tell The Moles something, so spit it out.
...
...H—Hey! Wipe your tears, Julian! You're second-in-command — no crying in front of grown-ups!
Hmph, you three listen up. Starting from today, you are The Moles' number one rivals!
Hmph! You think we're gonna accept defeat just like that!? One day The Moles will be the heroes of the Underworld and the Overworld! Then everyone will sit... sit...
Ah! Yeah — sit up and take notice! I—I would've figured it out myself. I didn't need you to remind me!
Training every day... listening to the old witch... Will that really make us as awesome as you guys? In that case... deal!
Julian, Alina, let's run back to the town! Training starts today!
Th—That's right! It's me, Pitch-Dark Hook the Great! What do you want?
Ah, honorary member! I was just about to go see you!
Daddy's already planned his birthday party, but I haven't been able to sell Junjun... or buy a gift for him.
What should I do? Honorary member — you think of something!
Ah! I was just about to ask you about the probe!
Huh? What's so urgent? Spit it out!
Ah! How did you know what I was thinking? Hook was about to ask you about the probe!
Honorary member, you found some clues?
The auction... So... that's where the probe is!?
Hmph! Do you think Hook's stupid or something?
At the auction, I can sell Junjun AND buy a birthday gift for daddy... Yeah!
That's nothing — you're here too! I've got the honorary member here to help me with the bidding!
Junjun is still with the old witch. Let's go get him and then register for the auction!
Stupid, witchy old... Natasha! Hehe, h—have you finished fixing Junjun?
Wow... He looks brand new! Natasha, you're incredible.
We're going to the auct...
Ah... n—no! That's not what we're going to do!
Hey! You bigmouth!
Uh... yeah, that's right!
I... uh... Psst, honorary member! Think of something!
Wh—What is it?
Daddy... Aw... Okay, I swear I'll never make Natasha or daddy worry again.
Thanks, Natasha! Honorary member, let's head to the auction!
Yep! Hook wants to auction this teddy bear!
Hey, who are you calling ugly? Take that back!
What are you talking about? You can't just take Junjun's eyes off!
Let me do it!
Stop bluffing!
Hook doesn't get it. What are we supposed to do?
Is "true love" really that useful? Hee-hee!
Hmm, I won't be much help then. Hook never deceives anyone!
Yay! Diggertron's all set and ready to go!
Let's ask around. Junjun's super cute — I'm sure there'll be loads of people interested in buying him.
What a weird man...
Seems like this guy's got a real bad temper...
...This guy thinks that the whole world is against him... What should we do, honorary member?
But I don't wanna sell Junjun to such a weirdo...
What a weirdo... Anyway, at least we've tricked him into bidding for it!
...So you don't think Junjun deserves those gems?
Hmph, Junjun will break your bank for sure.
His design is super cute and he's really really soft! You can't help but give him a biiiig hug!
You'll have sweet dreams every night as long as Junjun's by your side! Intrigued...?
According to the old witch, some people aren't good at talking in front of other people. Why not ask him to write his thoughts down?
That's right, my teddy bear is one of them! Your niece will love him!
Huh? Y—Yeah, that's right! Hook spotted loads of cool stuff at the auction!
For example, there's this teddy bear called Junjun! Your niece will love him!
...Well, that really can't be helped!
So? What's the catch?
Is this the "contact" that careless guy lost? Let's give it back to him!
We defeated the evil robot and got your "contact" back!
No! She mistook me for someone else.
You dare steal from a kid in front of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!? Let's see how brave you are against Diggertron!
You dare steal from a kid in front of Pitch-Dark Hook the Great!? Let's see how brave you are against Diggertron!
You're safe! Go find your family!
Isn't this the kid we just saved?
Hey! What are you doing!? You're making Hook angry!
Aww, they're really sweet! Junjun will be super happy if they take him home...
*sigh* Anyway, we should get going. Come on, honorary member!
Hmm... I hope this money is enough to buy the probe...
...You're right, let's do this!
That's true, but I want to help daddy get his treasure back...
Let's go ask that staff member!
What happened to the Geomarrow Probe? Tell me right now! Straight away! Immediately!
...You don't sound very convincing! *gasp* ...Did someone steal it?
Yeah, why wasn't Wildfire keeping a lookout?
Yeah, why is Wildfire so incompetent? You should have put The Moles in charge!
I gotta catch the thief and get the probe back! Any ideas, honorary member?
When the going gets smart, the boss of The Moles gets smarter!
So... he already ran away?
Let's head back to Boulder Town and catch the thief!
Hey, you! Did you take the Geomarrow Probe? Hand it over, right now!
Honorary member, we shouldn't waste any time talking to him. Let's just knock him out!
Enough talk! How about a Diggertron knuckle sandwich!
...No! Hook won't do that!
...
...Maybe it did in the beginning, but things have changed now.
...Yeah, of course I do!
Let's go, honorary member! Back to the auction.
There's nothing to think about, Mr. Thief! I want this detector, but I don't wanna be a louse like you!
That's 200 shield! R—Really?
Hook generously accepts the reward! We've got 650 shield for the auction!
Hook generously accepts the reward! We've got 700 shield for the auction!
Hook generously accepts the reward! We've got 750 shield for the auction!
Hook generously accepts the reward! We've got 800 shield for the auction!
Order! Order! You're just throwing bids out at random!
B—But we only have 650 shield...
...
But the auction's over now...
*sob* Daddy's Geomarrow Probe...
...
...Hook still thinks the probe is the best gift.
I did the right thing! H—Hook regrets nothing...
Just now... I thought I saw the old witch. Was Hook imagining things?
Ugh... what does it matter, Hook didn't get the gift. I'll have to go back and ask the old witch for ideas.
B—But we only have 700 shield...
750!
Honorary member... Did I win the bid? Does Hook really get the probe?
Woohoo!!! Hook actually won the bid!
...No explanation needed! Just accept Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's gratitude!
Haha... It doesn't matter whether you're an honorary member or not. Just accept Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's gratitude!
Let's go see the old witch later! I'll ask her to wrap this probe up as a beautiful gift for daddy!
Hmph, don't even think about it! We're not a simple organization! Still, I may consider making you my deputy...
Ten times!? That's too many!
I'll say it once. Listen carefully!
Uhh... there's only this much left, sorry. You'll just have to accept Hook's heartfelt gratitude!
Hook knows this is what grownups should be like, But Hook still wants to thank you.
Natasha!
Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon, but I haven't bought daddy his gift yet...
Huh!? You were at the auction too, Natasha?
...
Ah! It's... the Geomarrow Probe from the auction! How did you get it?
...Th—This is all the money we got for Junjun. Here, it's all yours!
...Hook could also help Natasha clean the clinic for... half a month?
Th—Three months!? Witchy old... Natasha, let's negotiate...
Great!
Of course not! All members of The Moles must obey Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's commands!
I'll contact the other members of The Moles too. Come find me when you're ready — we'll go together!
Natasha!
Mine and daddy's birthday party is starting soon! Can you help me wrap up this gift! I wanna surprise daddy!
Pleeease Natasha! I'll help you clean the clinic for... half a month if you help me!
Julian, knock it off!
Argh, you heard that? Don't get too cocky, honorary member!
Nothing! Hmph, Hook would never compliment an honorary member behind their back.
We were talking about the birthday party. You wanna hear about it too?
Aunt Gertie always makes a big Black Bean Cake for Hook's birthday!
Oh! Oh! And daddy always makes a huge Roasted Rock Crab for me. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
And don't forget about Diggertron! Daddy brings a year's worth of machine oil and Diggertron drinks it all up!
I'm the boss of The Moles! If I don't get enough to eat, how will I have the energy to punish villains?
Well, I had to invite daddy first! Speaking of birthdays, daddy never used to celebrate them. He only started doing it when he adopted Hook.
I also invited other members of The Moles, and... Oh yeah! Seele too! She couldn't come today, but she said she'd still send me a gift.
That's right, this honorary member helped Hook a lot!
D—Daddy! Don't bring that up! Hook's grown up now — I can sleep without hugging Junjun...
...Daddy! I—I have to tell you something...
I... I sold Junjun!
Don't worry, daddy! I don't need a doll to keep me company anymore! Natasha, The Moles and the honorary member will keep me company from now on, so I won't be lonely.
Not true! I know you care about me the most, daddy! I just didn't tell you because I didn't want you to worry.
Huh? What did you get for me, daddy?
Th—This... a teddy bear's cap, clothes, and a dresser! And a little home for him...
It's okay daddy, don't cry! Natasha will teach me how to make another doll!
Oh, yeah! I got a gift for you, too! Open it and take a look!
With this, you should be able to repair the vein detector, right daddy?
...Daddy?
...Huh? Why not?
...Ah!? So my gift is also... useless...
...
...O—Of course! Your gifts are the best in the world!
Daddy! *sob*
...Wow! Honorary member, Miss See—
Umm, why are you sneaking around like this?
Wow! That's so exciting!
...Huh? Hook's confused...
*sigh* Okayyyy... That's what Luka said too.
I hope you two find the treasure!
Wowwww, so everything outside the window is the universe?
The stars look like candy! Endless candy...
You're pretty stupid for an honorary member! How can you grab stars from so far away?
How do you know? Hmph, even if they don't, who's to say there isn't a planet that tastes like honey...
All these stars surrounding us... The Express is like a traveling theme park warp-jumping through candy...
Which means... you live inside a warp-jumping candy theme park! Not fair!
Hehe, Hook hereby declares the Astral Express The Moles' newest adventure route!
All these stars surrounding us... The Express is like a traveling theme park warp-jumping through candy...
Which means... you live inside a warp-jumping candy theme park! Not fair!
Hehe, Hook hereby declares the Astral Express The Moles' newest adventure route!
Pom-Pom... *whimper* Pom-Pom...
Pom-Pom wouldn't do that. You're not allowed to say that about Pom-Pom.
No way! Hook would never do that!
I wanted to invite Pom-Pom to come visit Boulder Town, but I just found out Pom-Pom can't leave the Express...
P—Pom-Pom can't come adventuring with us... *whimper*
*sniff* W—Well, I guess you're right, honorary member. At least Pom-Pom is always on an adventure with you...
*sniff* I—I will! When Pitch-Dark Hook the Great's on the Express, Pom-Pom will never get bored!
It's settled then — Hook will make Pom-Pom an honorary member of The Moles.
...you have to take good care of honorary member Pom-Pom! Otherwise, I'll hold you "accountantable"! Wait... accountable!
Hook will make Pom-Pom an honorary member of The Moles.
...you have to take good care of honorary member Pom-Pom! Otherwise, I'll hold you "accountantable"! Wait... accountable!
Pitch-Dark Hook the Great is about to host a hide-and-seek contest! You wanna come?
Yay! We've got two contestants!
Well... A—At the moment, it's just you and me.
Huh!? Even YOU won't play with me? Hook can't hide AND seek y'know!
I asked the others if they were interested... Pom-Pom was too busy, but they agreed to let me host the contest on the Express — as long as I don't use the engine room!
Himeko said she's terrible at hide-and-seek. Welt looked excited, but then he said it was a shame he couldn't do it and never explained why...
Hmm... Hook needs to find more people! The Express is huge, it's a waste of space to not play!
I asked the others if they were interested... Pom-Pom was too busy, but they agreed to let me host the contest on the Express — as long as I don't use the engine room!
Himeko said she's terrible at hide-and-seek. Welt looked excited, but then he said it was a shame he couldn't do it and never explained why...
Hmm... Hook needs to find more people! The Express is huge, it's a waste of space to not play!
Honorary member! Come over here! Hook has a question for you!
Which place looks nicer — the Express or the old witch's clinic?
Hmph! That's because you've never seen what the clinic looks like in the Solwarm Festival! It's fabulous!
Hehe, I knew it! Of course it does!
Hmph, only when she's not angry... Wait, honorary member, stop changing the subject!
I'll tell you my answer: it's the clinic!
Although... The Express looks almost as good!
Everything is so shiny and sparkly... I can see my face in the floor!
I've made up my mind. When The Moles find treasure under my leadership, we'll help the old witch make her clinic shiny and sparkly...
The Moles always repay our debts!
The Moles always repay our debts!
Everything is so shiny and sparkly... I can see my face in the floor!
I've made up my mind. When The Moles find treasure under my leadership, we'll help the old witch make her clinic shiny and sparkly...
Look, honorary member! March 7th gave me a doll. It looks just like you!
Uh, that's not what Hook said...
But... it does look cute. And it's soft too! Daddy will love it.
Well, I've been looking for a souvenir for daddy since I boarded the Express. He's not so well, so he can't pay a visit himself...
I was asking around to see if I could find anything. Then I bumped into March and she gave me this doll!
It's modeled after you, honorary member! You did a big favor for Hook and daddy, so I think this is a fitting gift!
I was asking around to see if I could find anything. Then I bumped into March and she gave me this doll!
It's modeled after you, honorary member! You did a big favor for Hook and daddy, so I think this is a fitting gift!
Here, this is for you. It's worth a lot according to daddy. I don't know much about it, but daddy is always right.
No need for formalities — you deserve it!
It took Hook and daddy a lot of effort to prepare this gift for you!
Hook doesn't know either. But it took Hook and daddy a lot of effort to prepare this gift for you!
Hmph! Since when did honorary members get so choosy?
It took Hook and daddy a lot of effort to prepare this gift for you!
Anyway, just take it! Enjoy your gift!
It's worth a lot according to daddy. I don't know much about it, but daddy is always right.
Anyway, just take it! Enjoy your gift!
...
...Hook won't hold back, just you watch!
Hmph, you beat Hook again, but I won the tournament last time! So, don't get too ahead of yourselves!
Ah! It's Uncle Mask!
Hook is super-duper happy! I'm tempted to ask you to join The Moles...
A "musement park"? That sounds fun! Is Uncle Mask gonna take Hook and all The Moles?
Hmph, old witchy witch...
Don't be a jerk. I'll just take your response as a yes.
That's a broad description...
{NICKNAME}? Intriguing name. Hmm... and a fate that's quite elusive...
How's the journey been? If there's something weighing you down, let me do a little divination for you...
Fear not, unless I wipe away your memories, forgetting me is not an option~
Mortals are bound to the perception of the tangible, failing to comprehend that it is the spirit and the spiritual that form the true essence of the cosmos. Through the grace of "Fuli," we may shed our perishable forms and attain closeness to the true essence of being.
Recover those cherished recollections and enshrine them in a land of purity. In doing so, all will be preserved from true oblivion.
The dance of the stars, the silent whisper of numbers, the foretelling of cards... Mmm, I've heard that divination via app is all the rage these days. Yet, this is just a supplementary tool. To hear one's speech, to venture into their hearts, to glimpse their memories... that's where the most precise truths are revealed.
Through the course of one's existence, only a scant number of impactful memories— pain, joy, rage, sorrow, can be harvested... The Garden of Recollection was conceived with the preservation of such memories in mind — yet it isn't immune to the corporation's endeavor to openly profit from it.
If I can identify and encapsulate a fragment of memory before it's unveiled to the world, those solitary moments of delight are my most favored and unique memories.
It's undeniable, being without a physical body has its perks, but when moving through the world in the form of a memetic entity, the danger of forsaking one's "self" becomes apparent.
The most luminous and lavish memories are to be sheltered in the Pure Land of Recollection. In the tales whispered among the Memokeepers, "Fuli" will blend these recollections into the Eden of Blessed Insight, and they shall serve to reshape the entirety of the world after its annihilation.
The day I became a memetic entity, I saw my own corporeal body dissolve, people's memories precipitating, crystallizing, and then shattering in the flow of time. They gleamed with such brilliance, as if they were crystals with boundless facets. It was in that moment I grasped, that everything is transient, but memories are eternal.
A few Memokeepers prefer to covertly penetrate others' thoughts capriciously reshaping their memories, but I harbor no liking for such deeds. Only the recollections that remain untouched by others carry true essence and are treasurable. Anything contrary is just the imposition of another's thought.
Perhaps, there will come a day when you'll willingly share your memories with me — I eagerly await such a time.
Avoid entering someone's past memories lightly, especially hers.
When exploring opportunities, one such as he, a gambler, will never reject your overtures. Gratify his whims, but also keep your defenses up.
Hmm, a fascinating young girl. She won't admit it, but I imagine she's always yearned to be noticed by others. Her mind is the most chaotic place I've ever witnessed, but it also possesses the strongest tool of all — intuition.
Even if her past is a forgotten whisper, and she was once bewildered about her future, March's experiences will undoubtedly transform into unique memoria. It's exciting to think just what memories she might bestow upon the Garden of Recollection...
As fate dictates, dispersed memories begin to intertwine anew...
I recall some enchanting moments...
Set forth, for countless memories shimmer in the distance...
Grand tales stem from grand pasts...
 Rest assured, dear, I'll do all that I can to assist you.
 Rest assured, dear, I'll do all that I can to assist you.
Little lady, make sure you don't go overboard this time.
What meaning does this journey hold for you?
Destiny's course is becoming apparent.
Such an elusive foretelling...
The threads of destiny aren't chosen.
Continue, or remain in the dark...
Here, all yours.
Again, the ill tidings manifest.
Mind your manners.
Retribution will find you!
Memories are ever-changing.
Beneath the silent waters lies an endless abyss.
Time's passage... is unkind...
Only memories remain eternal.
Destiny's hand has truly blessed me.
Make a wish.
Another precious memory to hold onto.
A turn of fate.
Destiny gifts unexpected joys.
Exceptionally deciphered.
A foreboding sign...
This place holds such fond memories... Care to reminisce?
What would you like to know this time?
The seal of ill fate descends!
A sincere heart prevails.
The power of wisdom and memory...
{NICKNAME}? Intriguing name. Hmm... and a fate that's quite elusive...
How's the journey been? If there's something weighing you down, let me do a little divination for you...
Fear not, unless I wipe away your memories, forgetting me is not an option~
Mortals are bound to the perception of the tangible, failing to comprehend that it is the spirit and the spiritual that form the true essence of the cosmos. Through the grace of "Fuli," we may shed our perishable forms and attain closeness to the true essence of being.
Recover those cherished recollections and enshrine them in a land of purity. In doing so, all will be preserved from true oblivion.
The dance of the stars, the silent whisper of numbers, the foretelling of cards... Mmm, I've heard that divination via app is all the rage these days. Yet, this is just a supplementary tool. To hear one's speech, to venture into their hearts, to glimpse their memories... that's where the most precise truths are revealed.
Through the course of one's existence, only a scant number of impactful memories— pain, joy, rage, sorrow, can be harvested... The Garden of Recollection was conceived with the preservation of such memories in mind — yet it isn't immune to the corporation's endeavor to openly profit from it.
If I can identify and encapsulate a fragment of memory before it's unveiled to the world, those solitary moments of delight are my most favored and unique memories.
It's undeniable, being without a physical body has its perks, but when moving through the world in the form of a memetic entity, the danger of forsaking one's "self" becomes apparent.
The most luminous and lavish memories are to be sheltered in the Pure Land of Recollection. In the tales whispered among the Memokeepers, "Fuli" will blend these recollections into the Eden of Blessed Insight, and they shall serve to reshape the entirety of the world after its annihilation.
The day I became a memetic entity, I saw my own corporeal body dissolve, people's memories precipitating, crystallizing, and then shattering in the flow of time. They gleamed with such brilliance, as if they were crystals with boundless facets. It was in that moment I grasped, that everything is transient, but memories are eternal.
A few Memokeepers prefer to covertly penetrate others' thoughts capriciously reshaping their memories, but I harbor no liking for such deeds. Only the recollections that remain untouched by others carry true essence and are treasurable. Anything contrary is just the imposition of another's thought.
Perhaps, there will come a day when you'll willingly share your memories with me — I eagerly await such a time.
Avoid entering someone's past memories lightly, especially hers.
When exploring opportunities, one such as he, a gambler, will never reject your overtures. Gratify his whims, but also keep your defenses up.
Hmm, a fascinating young girl. She won't admit it, but I imagine she's always yearned to be noticed by others. Her mind is the most chaotic place I've ever witnessed, but it also possesses the strongest tool of all — intuition.
Even if her past is a forgotten whisper, and she was once bewildered about her future, March's experiences will undoubtedly transform into unique memoria. It's exciting to think just what memories she might bestow upon the Garden of Recollection...
As fate dictates, dispersed memories begin to intertwine anew...
I recall some enchanting moments...
Set forth, for countless memories shimmer in the distance...
Grand tales stem from grand pasts...
 Rest assured, dear, I'll do all that I can to assist you.
 Rest assured, dear, I'll do all that I can to assist you.
Little lady, make sure you don't go overboard this time.
What meaning does this journey hold for you?
It's your call... What kind of dance do "you" want this time?
As we reunite in this venture, let's hope the fates grant us both what we seek.
Destiny's course is becoming apparent.
Such an elusive foretelling...
The threads of destiny aren't chosen.
Continue, or remain in the dark...
Here, all yours.
Again, the ill tidings manifest.
Mind your manners.
Retribution will find you!
Memories are ever-changing.
Beneath the silent waters lies an endless abyss.
Time's passage... is unkind...
Only memories remain eternal.
Destiny's hand has truly blessed me.
Make a wish.
Another precious memory to hold onto.
A turn of fate.
Destiny gifts unexpected joys.
Exceptionally deciphered.
A foreboding sign...
This place holds such fond memories... Care to reminisce?
What would you like to know this time?
The seal of ill fate descends!
A sincere heart prevails.
The power of wisdom and memory...
{NICKNAME}? Intriguing name. Hmm... and a fate that's quite elusive...
How's the journey been? If there's something weighing you down, let me do a little divination for you...
Fear not, unless I wipe away your memories, forgetting me is not an option~
Mortals are bound to the perception of the tangible, failing to comprehend that it is the spirit and the spiritual that form the true essence of the cosmos. Through the grace of "Fuli," we may shed our perishable forms and attain closeness to the true essence of being.
Recover those cherished recollections and enshrine them in a land of purity. In doing so, all will be preserved from true oblivion.
The dance of the stars, the silent whisper of numbers, the foretelling of cards... Mmm, I've heard that divination via app is all the rage these days. Yet, this is just a supplementary tool. To hear one's speech, to venture into their hearts, to glimpse their memories... that's where the most precise truths are revealed.
Through the course of one's existence, only a scant number of impactful memories— pain, joy, rage, sorrow, can be harvested... The Garden of Recollection was conceived with the preservation of such memories in mind — yet it isn't immune to the corporation's endeavor to openly profit from it.
If I can identify and encapsulate a fragment of memory before it's unveiled to the world, those solitary moments of delight are my most favored and unique memories.
It's undeniable, being without a physical body has its perks, but when moving through the world in the form of a memetic entity, the danger of forsaking one's "self" becomes apparent.
The most luminous and lavish memories are to be sheltered in the Pure Land of Recollection. In the tales whispered among the Memokeepers, "Fuli" will blend these recollections into the Eden of Blessed Insight, and they shall serve to reshape the entirety of the world after its annihilation.
The day I became a memetic entity, I saw my own corporeal body dissolve, people's memories precipitating, crystallizing, and then shattering in the flow of time. They gleamed with such brilliance, as if they were crystals with boundless facets. It was in that moment I grasped, that everything is transient, but memories are eternal.
A few Memokeepers prefer to covertly penetrate others' thoughts capriciously reshaping their memories, but I harbor no liking for such deeds. Only the recollections that remain untouched by others carry true essence and are treasurable. Anything contrary is just the imposition of another's thought.
Perhaps, there will come a day when you'll willingly share your memories with me — I eagerly await such a time.
Avoid entering someone's past memories lightly, especially hers.
When exploring opportunities, one such as he, a gambler, will never reject your overtures. Gratify his whims, but also keep your defenses up.
Hmm, a fascinating young girl. She won't admit it, but I imagine she's always yearned to be noticed by others. Her mind is the most chaotic place I've ever witnessed, but it also possesses the strongest tool of all — intuition.
Even if her past is a forgotten whisper, and she was once bewildered about her future, March's experiences will undoubtedly transform into unique memoria. It's exciting to think just what memories she might bestow upon the Garden of Recollection...
As fate dictates, dispersed memories begin to intertwine anew...
I recall some enchanting moments...
Set forth, for countless memories shimmer in the distance...
Easy, girl. I'm on your side.
You can call me... the Memokeeper, Black Swan.
You're awake, lazy bug. Looks like you had a nice dream.
How was it? Did you dream of me?
I didn't do much, just helped you leave the Memory Zone.
Welcome to reality. More specifically, The Reverie, the safest and most familiar place you can be.
I'm happy to see that you've kept your wits, and that you haven't been affected by the *Primal Dreamscape*. How lucky.
Heheh, you're quite concerned about that young lady. That's fair — she was hell-bent on assuring your safety even at the brink of death... Started to tug a little at my heartstrings, even.
I know you've many questions, so please compose yourself. Before that, you should let your friends know you're safe.
Her name is Sparkle, a Masked Fool who has infiltrated Penacony... Don't worry. She won't be bothering you for now. She's probably patting herself on the back for a job well done.
Of course, I know everyone here. On Penacony, anyone could be lying... but the Remembrance does not lie.
So I feel the need to clarify with everyone: Miss Sparkle's tricks can induce hallucinations, but that strange Dreamscape? Nothing to do with her — it originated from Penacony itself.
Have you not sensed it yet? This apparent land of dreams... It's a carefully designed dream maintained by The Family through unknown means.
Penacony's dream is *sinking* right now, turning back to its original form... and falling into the {RUBY_B#Memory Zone}deep sea{RUBY_E#}.
The encounter at the dreamscape Hotel was a sign.
How could a meme that heralds death and murder appear in a dream that The Family proclaims "to be absolutely safe"... Everyone could be lying on Penacony — does that include The Family as well?
Hmm, let me rephrase then... this is my personal request, not the Garden of Recollection's. And the answer is simple. Miss Himeko, I simply wish to make an exchange... related to the Remembrance.
Apart from my duty, I also have some... personal pursuit in aesthetics. I am a Memokeeper, and a collector. I, too yearn to experience those luminous, dazzling, cherished memories. That's simple enough to understand, no?
As for you all, Nameless of the Astral Express, and practitioners of the Trailblaze... I have faith in your potential, as well as in the... unique splendor you will unleash on the stage.
This is why I wish to befriend all of you. A place where nightmares and sweet dreams intersect... the perfect cradle for the Remembrance.
Naturally, take your time.
...Allow me. Relax, you'll be fine.
I'm really sorry, but I have to leave for a short while... Death still hovers about, and I must personally ensure Miss Himeko and Miss March 7th's safety, and warn them...
...I'm back.
Look, it's common sense and easy, right?
Don't worry, I'll do something about it. Let me stack the dream bubbles to give everyone a nice, soft landing.
Okay, here we go...
Don't imitate the Memokeeper without the accompaniment of one! Well...
...wouldn't it be lovely if these nosy newcomers found their way back home?
Look, Miss Himeko: I brought the kid back as promised.
We've only met once. But thanks to you, we might be able to use this opportunity to get to know each other a little bit better.
Not quite yet. But thanks to you, we might be able to use this opportunity to get to know each other a little bit better.
I'm at your service. I will not disappoint.
It seems that I'll have a hard time gaining your trust even if I personally did rescue your friends... It's no problem, of course, other than the fact that my feelings are a little hurt.
I know what you're thinking, but alas... That girl isn't in there, and neither is this her room.
The moment you stepped into the Memory Zone, reality's building structures lost all meaning. I can sense that she is in a faraway place right now.
In the meantime, if we want to find that lobby the Navigator mentioned... we'll have to try a little harder.
You can talk to me if you've something on your mind. In this world, there's no one who heals the heart better than a Memokeeper.
I just did what I had to do. You are special, after all... So special that many pairs of eyes are watching your every move.
Don't worry. That is a one-way door leading to awakened reality. Unless that girl is so stubborn that she refuses to wake up from the dream — which isn't possible — she must be holed up somewhere in the hotel massaging her eyes right now.
It appears you've had some unhappy memories... But it's obvious that this partnership makes the most sense to you, me, and the Express Crew, no? So you can take it easy and trust me.
Of course, I'm not the only Memokeeper who has come — Penacony has opened its doors to factions beyond The Family for the first time, and the Garden must record this historic moment...
So you can try working together with others as well... As long as you can see them, hehe.
No. I will accompany you into the dream to prevent harm from befalling you all. Memokeepers don't need a Dreampool anyway.
All right. Drift peacefully off to sleep, and I'll be right with you.
This way, darling.
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
That's good then.
I know you're more sensitive to memoria, thus more easily affected by the Dreamscape than others. This is also why I have to accompany you.
I shall use my methods to relieve you. Don't worry, as your companions are safe — I had both of them each give me a trinket before I entered the dream. This will allow me to feel their presence in the Memory Zone.
They're already awake in their rooms. Will you be comfortable in following me now? Time waits for no one. We must hurry to the lobby.
We'll have to cut the banter short... Let's first work together and remove these overly friendly children, shall we?
We could ask you the same thing.
You... aren't hiding anything, are you?
Mm... I truly hope so.
It's locked. I can travel through it freely, but you all...
The Memory Zone is constantly shifting its form. Looks like we'll have to think of a way... to walk on the ceiling.
...Miss Acheron's words speak sense. Regardless, we have to reach that flat surface hanging overhead. And we're not scaling the pillar, of course.
I'll teach everyone some traversal tricks used in the Memory Zone.
There's no end to this. Let me try.
This Memory Zone... is overly twisted. I have to use inelegant methods, so you two... please give me a little time...
Mm... got it. I can see the core of this Dreamscape, and there are members of The Family... and some figures trying to find their way forward. It appears that your friends aren't faring too well... One, two, three...
...Wait, three? There is a third person seeking the way to the lobby? Wait... it's...
...The girl who was with you?
It eludes me, but there's a known semblance in the Memory Zone, mirroring the essence she radiates... What reason does she have to delve so deep into the Dreamscape?
She... Is she running? No... Running away? Something's right behind her...
...This is not good. Everyone, we must hurry.
There's no time. I'll just have to break the rules and use some methods to help you phase through the Memory Zone.
I picked up slivers of her thoughts in the Memory Zone. These will help you form an impression of her. Now, you must hang on to these thoughts with all your might, and shape them in your mind.
I caught some very familiar memories just now — she's not the only *old friend* who has appeared here. There was also a third party at the scene when you ran into danger...
...That Memory Zone meme, it is here as well.
...Everyone, be on your guard.
Also, while we're departing, we can still do more for Miss Firefly, can't we? Some remnants of her presence linger nearby. Seize the chance to etch them into your "Remembrance" before they're gone.
Let's go. We have to find another path...
These are all... charred remains?
I suppose we can slow down for now then...
They're all just *burning* Remembrances... a stark contrast to this deep sea.
I cannot reach a conclusion with so few clues.
From the memories of these carcasses... that person was tall, and much stronger than an adult male. The method was clean and crisp, all one-strike kills — maybe a mercenary, or an assassin.
He entered through the door from the lobby, and went farther into the hotel. If that's the case... he should have seen everything that happened here...
...I take back what I said. We have to hurry to that Memory Zone where Miss Firefly's presence was imprinted. Considering what this person can do...
If his goal is that place as well, there won't be anything left there.
Yes. More precisely, it's right below.
Exactly what it means: down.
You two may not be able to phase through physical structures like Memokeepers, but I've got a great idea that will let you safely reach the floor right below this room.
I wouldn't call it a shortcut if there was.
You two may not be able to phase through physical structures like Memokeepers, but I've got a great idea that will help you safely reach the floor right below this room.
You two may not be able to phase through physical structures like Memokeepers, but I've got a great idea that will help you safely reach the floor right below this room.
It's really easy — see this chandelier? Next... we want to create some reasonably *small movements*.
No one will disturb us now. Here, how about I show you a little magic trick?
Are you ready? Don't be too surprised.
Yes. It's what this room left behind — the memories of her. The slight trembling of the ground, the fleeting reflections on the screen, the flow of memoria... I gathered and reproduced them in fragments.
As for the context... we'll need to sort that out a bit. Hurry along now. Recreating memories on this scale takes quite a toll on me.
Yes. What is making her so nervous?
"Let's"? Is there someone else?
With all this in mind, Firefly and her companion — there should only be one — have entered this corridor together.
Thinking of you even in your absence, seems like you two were pretty close.
She seems to be sharing her discovery with someone, and... it's related to the Watchmaker.
Perhaps, judging from the outcome... this is that person's true intention.
"Mecha"... What an intriguing statement. I recall the Bloodhound family is pursuing a criminal — "a tall male in silver armor."
She mentioned that this transaction involves the Watchmaker, and that often means stepping on many people's toes.
They might have had their eyes on the legacy, or wanted to silence another who knew too much. Or, there could be a deeper secret tucked away in this Memory Zone, and to hook that elusive prize... one needs the right bait.
This is just the worst-case scenario. But think about it: If the mastermind behind all this is nearby, why would he let us look around freely? Unless...
...there is something else he cares more about and needs — or should I say, is verifying.
Unpredictable pathways pointing toward a wandering meme... She was completely lost in the Memory Zone.
Unfortunately, this path ultimately leads one to the lair of "Death."
She thought she had escaped but...
As promised, I've delivered the child to you. Our transaction is complete.
My, my... you look like a small injured animal. Are you still willing to talk to me? Of course... I'm still willing to be your psychotherapist.
I admit I'd made a transaction with that gentleman to bring you before him. But... this is also a safe place.
He needs you. It's essential if we want to reclaim Penacony. Recognizing his immense potential and the invaluable memories he can help me gather, I opted to join forces with him.
In Penacony, everyone may be lying, and yes... that includes me. I can't deny this, nor do I seek forgiveness.
But do you still remember? I said... "I have faith in your potential," and that's not a lie.
The Garden of Recollection wants to witness the future of the Astral Express Trailblazing the cosmos, and as for these memories — I will treasure them. I do not have reasons to hurt any of you. Instead, I will continue to assist you — provided you are willing to accept my assistance.
My take on this might surprise you.
In my view, he's a trustworthy individual. Not for any other reason, but because he's an exceptional businessman. In this vast universe, no one values honesty and contracts more than a merchant.
But, always be on guard, particularly when making agreements with him. Scrutinize the details. Beyond the confines of the contract, your rights are off his radar... He'll go to extreme lengths to ensure his advantage.
I still believe that Miss Firefly's situation... is deeply connected with the Stellaron Hunter, just as we speculated. But as you've heard, Aventurine has his finger pointed at the Galaxy Ranger.
I can't fathom why he'd draw that conclusion, but given his access to the IPC's intelligence network, we should seriously consider his perspective. Moreover, I believe Miss Acheron is also hiding something.
...No, in fact, I should say, she's hiding everything from us.
It was an unexpected finding from an earlier encounter. With regards to the Annihilation Gang... I can also prove that what Aventurine said was the truth.
That's why, during this golden soirée... she is the dance's centerpiece.
Why of course, but now's not the time.
I know you're confused and... sad. Whoever that girl might have been, a living soul, a "memory" that was meant to last... she simply vanished, like the dissolution of bubbles in water, disappearing in an instant...
No matter what, I hope you can trust Aventurine — or rather — trust me and see the "truth" with your own eyes. This can lead us deeper into the secrets behind Penacony.
I will protect you. Once I gather more information from him, I'll make sure you're safely returned to your companions.
For the truth and to prevent more unnecessary sacrifices... It is the right choice.
Perhaps he plans on doing so, but I won't.
The Garden of Recollection has eyes everywhere. If he wants to hurt you, he'll have to fight against the Memokeepers — I've warned him about that.
Are you still... continuing down this path? This is a rare opportunity. Leaving here... will also mean leaving the truth.
Yes, I better think about Aventurine's proposal.
I see... Fine, I respect your choice. Let's return to reality.
Still remember what I taught you? Feel the flow of the memoria, walk up the wall, and then... get close to it.
Look, a solitary chain. Go say hello to it.
She had no other way to leave but from the side corridor.
She thought she had escaped but...
These poor little things stumbling about...
Strange, there appears to be someone else's presence here...
Ah... Her? How is this possible?
Miss Acheron, I have a suggestion: Why not split up and look for a way out, and meet up again when we find something? That would speed things up.
How about it? Can you feel the memoria flowing around you?
Next, find a suitable spot... and try *walking up* the wall.
A Memory Zone of this level is mere child's play to a Memokeeper. Come on. Let's head out through the front door.
But the Memory Zone up ahead... appears to be severely twisted. Be careful, everyone.
...See, I told you it wasn't going to be that simple. Where is this?
Hurry, through here.
Not there. Come back.
This way, follow me.
...What's going on? Why is it... getting hot in the memoria?
You two, this way. I'll try to create a stable shortcut for you.
Look... Upon leaving the lobby, the structure has become chaotic. Phase through that corridor, and be careful — do not alert the meme.
Unpredictable pathways pointing toward a wandering meme... She was completely lost in the Memory Zone.
Unfortunately, this path ultimately leads one to the lair of "Death."
After that, it's the end...
It seems like someone has been awaiting us. Ready to step into the spotlight now?
...Stellaron Hunter: Sam.
Who's to say there isn't an even deeper conspiracy lurking beneath the surface?
Come, this way — it's a short walk. Don't get lost.
Aventurine is telling the truth. This "memory" is a real one, and there's no sign of any distortion grafting on.
...What now? What are your plans?
On the surface, this doesn't look like a bad deal for you. But Aventurine is a shrewd merchant whose scheme won't just be as simple as it appears to be.
He doesn't know about Miss Firefly yet — but judging by your reaction, he may have noticed something going on and deliberately shifted topics to the "Truth of Death" to try and pull you in line with his way of thinking.
That's quick thinking, and very sound logic. Aventurine is no fool. And working with him definitely has its dangers.
But you're talking about REAL evil.
That... is something I agree on.
Insofar as things are presently concerned, yes. But what about the long-term?
Leaving it up to fate? It's just how that gambler thinks.
Anyway, be careful out there. There's more than one way to blaze a trail. In a dark forest beset by wolves ensuring your own escape to safety should be your primary concern.
As for the other questions...
I'm not sure the two cases were committed by the same culprit, but that massive wound... looked like its winged blade. We've all witnessed it in action before.
Plus... it seems unlikely that there would be two lethal entities loose in the dreamscape.
Sorry, I can't answer that question. That ranger is shrouded in mystery. I'm afraid no one is capable of providing an answer.
But without a doubt... she is the most "special" guest at this banquet. It's like Aventurine said just then. It's best to keep your distance from her.
Two victims appearing one after the other in a very short time span... In and of itself, that's very unusual.
Two possibilities: The collapse of Penacony's Dreamscape has started speeding up, making "Death" extremely agitated and weakening The Family's protections. Or, everything has been planned out and executed by someone.
If someone has chosen these victims deliberately... First a stowaway, then a Family celebrity... Then this murderer's motives are worth thoroughly chewing over.
It's all happened so quickly I can only make conjecture. After leaving here, go have a chat with your companions. I hope you can clarify the source of this confusion.
This way... This is where we part ways. All of this is like... a nightmare.
Unfortunately, the Remembrance doesn't lie... What we just saw is the "reality" that happened — and it won't fade from our minds just because we wake up.
But follow your heart and don't be afraid. We all walk through this world casting shadows of different lengths, and ultimately... all we leave behind are precious memories.
...Ah, hold on just a sec.
There you go, a small parting gift. If one day, you unfortunately fall into the deep waters of the Memory Zone and there's no Memokeeper to join you — hopefully it can guide you on my behalf.
I also pay great attention to the ways of the world... Just think of this as an apology from me for hiding something from you.
Then... I've something private to take care of regarding that Galaxy Ranger. Let's leave things there, shall we?
What fascinating memories will you bring for me next time we meet...? I sincerely look forward to them.
I've been watching her closely for a while now, and the first "invitation" was in the banquet hall of the hotel.
She just sat in one corner keeping silent, chugging down a couple cups of Wake the Heck Up... I told her it's a pungent, bitter beverage, not the taste of sweet dreams — only for people allergic to SoulGlad. And she said...
The guest rooms are charmingly minimalist...
...An aesthetic you share, Miss Acheron.
It's a cinch. This music box — the "invitation" received by the Annihilation Gang... There are latent memories that linger on it yet.
You see memories of you are not yours alone. They travel in other people. Other things. I know much, and I can predict even more. With some help the dead can be made to speak.
The Annihilation Gang, that band of desperadoes who all disappeared after meeting you... What exactly happened to them? Well, let me reveal all.
...There it is — it's hazy, but it's Ifrit's voice. The other one... is probably his progeny.
This is the residual memory from when the 'invitation' was first delivered... they were abruptly interrupted. Then, what happened next is...
The Ever-Flame Mansion has set out on a journey. Those poor people... They have no idea what lies in wait ahead of them.
Memory recovery is going well, but slowly. She'll be here soon, and time is short.... There's nobody else here, so there's no need to be delicate... In fact I think I'd better go all out....
...
...What happened?
The memory after that... is blank? How is that possible... This music box fell into Acheron's hands, and she brought it to Penacony — that's a fact, and that's how it should have gone... but along the way...
...It's like it's been erased? Who's done this...
...It's?
No — is this not a "memory"?
...
...A phone? Want to listen in?
...
(This voice... It's not Constance. Could it be her companion?)
(Imposter? I see. She gave my whereabouts to someone who is tracking Acheron too.)
Who are you?
I'm the Garden of Recollection's Memokeeper.
I don't know what you're talking about — but you know Acheron, the Galaxy Ranger, yes? I have something to ask you.
Not quite. I only want to ask, how exactly did she become a Galaxy Ranger?
She's clearly not a Pathstrider of The Hunt. But you are, aren't you? Tell me, what's Acheron's deal?
My apologies, conductor. It was an oversight on my part. I assumed you were already acquainted with the Garden... Given the chaotic situation in Penacony, the Nameless are the only ones we can truly trust right now.
Pleased to meet you, Dan Heng. I've seen you in others' memories. And as for Boothill... This is our first face-to-face meeting. I hope you enjoyed that bottle of Asdana's White Oak. You sure have a refined taste.
That's precisely what I intend to do. But before that, please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Black Swan, and I serve the Garden of Recollection as a Memokeeper. As for Acheron's story...
I'm sure she knows it better than I do.
To be honest, it was more like stalking than helping, and the process was far from "unnoticed"... But we did escape.
As far as I can tell, she's not a threat and seems to be telling the truth.
Have you heard of a planet named Byari Skamandros, Dan Heng? It's one of the paradise kingdoms under the influence of the Harmony, a sought-after wonderland for the inhabitants of the Dardanu Major and Minor systems.
Half an Amber Era ago, The Family held an unprecedented festival there, and after that... everyone on the planet became part of The Family.
Yes, or how else can we explain it? The Family deliberately used the Watchmaker's invitation to keep all the Pathstriders here but banished the Emanator of the Nihility...
Do you remember the ancient Swarm Disaster? Tayzzyronth the Propagation brought endless havoc to the universe, and it eventually evolved into a fierce battle among all Aeons.
Two Paths lost their Aeons in that war — the Propagation and the Order. Coincidentally, their downfall is related to a certain Aeon...
Hey, we meet again, sleepy head.
Though the strike from the General was timely, its destruction was also immense. When "Emanators" collide, ordinary people inevitably suffer.
But luckily for them, the {RUBY_B#Memory Zone}Dreamscape{RUBY_E#} is my home turf. Thankfully, I managed to get everyone out before the Harmonious Choir collapsed.
Don't mention it, after all, I wouldn't want to see such precious memories vanish. You're heading to see your friends, aren't you? Would it bother you if I walked with you for a short while?
Why would you think that? I've never harbored any ill intentions... well, not when you were around, anyway.
Allow me to introduce him to you: This is Boothill, a Galaxy Ranger.
During our pursuit of a certain person, we crossed paths and just so happened to uncover a shocking plot being concocted by Mr. Sunday...
Which is why we sought you out, to help the Astral Express save the world together.
...Yes, when the dust settles, I'll just think of a way to recall it in the Memory Zone.
Hold your horses, cowboy. It's for those to decide.
Shouldn't this be expected of a Memokeeper?
Understood, Miss March. I promise you, you'll never see me in your room while you're taking a break.
How about it, this journey of beautiful dreams... Was it to your liking?
I can feel your obvious excitement... That means your memories will also become even more beautiful.
That tinge of regret I sense... Ah, these are the kinds of lasting memories I cherish.
There's a rich scent of curiosity here... Such memories can be irresistibly captivating.
Ah, such an intense emotion... Heh, makes you break out in a sweat, but you just can't get enough.
Oh? Such elusive emotions... I've never encountered memories quite like this before, it's stirred my curiosity.
So... How about you hand that "small parting gift" back to me? I'm quite eager to have it back.
Mm...
...Oh?
Hmm, never mind...
I just... stumbled upon a particularly fascinating spot in your memory.
Remember when we entered the hotel in the Dreamscape for the first time, and I procured a few trinkets from your companions? Their functions are similar.
This way, I can always be attuned to your location, ready to assist immediately if you encounter any threats.
But... this is not its most intrinsic function.
Light Cones are slices of light used to encapsulate {RUBY_B#Remembrance}solidified phenomena{RUBY_E#}. This empty Light Cone is the same.
It can etch your memories in their most vivid form, and then... allow me to admire and manipulate them, turning them into unique mementos.
All the world is born from the power of mind and soul, and that power is "memory". To prevent ourselves from being forgotten by the world, we must make the world remember us... or, use our memories to recreate it.
Memory is a reflection of the future. Within that reflection, I see your unparalleled worth. You have the power to craft memories that can captivate the world... Your memory can illuminate the universe's future path.
And that memory... will be as scintillating as the star clusters you see in this porthole.
Precisely. But, do you know the deeper meaning behind it?
How adorable. But, do you know the deeper meaning behind it?
The memories I have of you are not enough for me to predict a future that lies too far ahead.
But, I can tell you one thing: my favor towards you stems from a more profound reason.
The reason is simple: In this grandiose and ostentatious dream of The Family's, only you personally experienced the entire course.
Patience, my friend. I will reveal the answer to you... but that time is not now.
Turn around and take a look at your friends. Every one of them is reveling at the arrival of their next destination, all filled with hopes and expectations of their own present and future. Revealing everything at this moment would be a bit of a buzzkill, wouldn't it?
I'm looking for an opportune time, a time when you're totally at ease... Perhaps, when the night grows hazy, and you're about to drift off would be most opportune.
How about one fine night? I will prepare the candles, aromatics, and even a cushy couch to create a cozy dream land for you. And then, I will tell you the answer in the form of a little bedtime story to lull you to sleep...
Heh, it looks like we're finally about to set off. There are countless gleaming memories out there waiting for us... Why don't we just leave it at that for now?
Ah, that's right. As a small token of compensation for playing that little trick on you with the empty Light Cone, I will gift you with some words — they hold great significance to me...
"Life is akin to a winding labyrinth, where memories serve as our sole companions."
You'll remember these words dearly, won't you?
In the year 2158 of the Amber Era, the first year of the new epoch, the universe resumed its intended trajectory. The kindling of conspiracy smoldered in Penacony, the Land of the Dreams. Failing to erupt into a blaze, it instead flickered briefly on Qlipoth's anvil, before vanishing in the blink of an eye.
The dead and those fated to die remain in their eternal slumber, while the living find solace in deep sleep. All clamored in a cacophony of silence, and then went about their own ways. The cosmos emanated a vitality characteristic of a new era, all for the modest price of a brother and sister's mild grief.
Babies are born as stars extinguish. The silver rail unfolds. The story of the Astral Express comes to a close, yet it also embarks anew.
Time marches forward, heralding the arrival of a new chapter in the history of Trailblazing expeditions.
Countless shooting stars streak the sky tonight... If you can pick the right one, it will carry your wish to thousands of distant worlds.
You're feeling very relaxed now, aren't you? So then...
It's time to tell you a little bedtime story.
Well, let's start with the conclusion — The Crew was defeated in the battle against Sunday. Everyone in Penacony failed, and no one survived.
But don't panic. The truth, as horrifying as it may be, is not yet irreversible. There's still a glimmer of hope, and that's why I'm here.
Next, I'll use this empty light cone that carries all your memories to relive everything that happened before. And when this story reaches its end, I'm sure someone as clever as you will notice that...
There's a major flaw in the story you have experienced, yet within that flaw lies a glimmer of hope.
Are you ready for it?
Do you remember everything? When the clock turned back, the Express started a warp jump, sending you to a strange dream. You were bewildered back then, and then a Galaxy Ranger named Acheron showed you a way out.
When you arrived at The Reverie Hotel, you met the {RUBY_B#bellboy}doorman{RUBY_E#} Misha and had a confrontation with Aventurine, an IPC representative. Thankfully, Acheron appeared again and helped you.
After that, you saved Firefly and explored Penacony together. During the tour, you ran into Sparkle disguised as Sampo and accidentally entered a child's dream.
There, I rescued both of you from "Death," but Firefly didn't return to reality. She realized the truth and tried to involve you in her plan, but that resulted in an accidental "death". Even more unsettling, you soon encountered another "murder".
The two cases of "death" prompted you to investigate the truth behind the sweet dream. Despite your efforts to gather information about the two victims, you didn't make much progress. But you did learn about the Watchmaker from Gallagher.
Meanwhile, Aventurine was secretly carrying out his scheme, in which you were one of the pawns. In the midst of a fierce battle, Acheron revealed her true identity as an Emanator of the Nihility and unsheathed her sword.
That strike foiled Aventurine's plan and opened a passage between the sweet dream and the original Memory Zone. Upon your arrival at Dreamflux Reef, you learned the truth that "Death" was actually "Dormancy", as well as the truth about the Dreamscape, the Stellaron, and the bellboy, Misha.
You split up with Sunday and Robin, looking for a way to seal the Stellaron. However, it turned out that Sunday and the Dreammaster had their own hidden agenda, and you had to engage in an ultimate duel on the stage of the Charmony Festival.
Finally, the story reached its conclusion. You emerged victorious, with the Trailblaze triumphing over the Order and Penacony embracing a bright and peaceful future...
This marks the end of the thrilling journey in Penacony. I'm sure you've already noticed something unusual, haven't you?
The major flaw, which contradicts all the known information, hides in this story...
Heh, little Misha... or should I call him the Watchmaker?
He is only a segment of memory in a dream bubble, but his ambition for the Trailblaze led him to leave the bubble and embark on a grand adventure in Penacony...
While Misha is a rather special Memory Zone Meme, and he was granted power by the Trailblaze... there's still one thing that he shouldn't be able to do—
...A life born in the Memory Zone could never manifest in reality. So, why did he appear in The Reverie Hotel in reality?
The answer is simple — He is the one fatal {RUBY_B#flaw}variable{RUBY_E#} that contradicts all our known information. This means that you, who wholeheartedly believe in this memory...
Are still trapped in the Dreamscape at this very moment.
Wake up, {NICKNAME}. Break free from this eternal dream and return to the real world. We'll find our {RUBY_B#a glimmer of hope}answers{RUBY_E#} there.
Sparkle — yes, Sparkle, the most enigmatic and elusive character in the entire story. But unfortunately, she was the first to uncover the truth, and she did purposefully attack you to create confusion.
By the way, she left me a message to pass on to you. "Always make sure you can distinguish reality from imagination."
Is that a clue, you may wonder? I'm not sure, although I'm pretty sure that the fatal {RUBY_B#flaw}variable{RUBY_E#} has nothing to do with that Masked Fool.
Well, although the fake "deaths" of those two ladies don't align with our initial assumptions, this fact itself doesn't contradict the information we have so far.
I'll go ahead and eliminate that incorrect answer for you. So, what is the fatal {RUBY_B#flaw}variable{RUBY_E#}?
Are you suggesting that {RUBY_B#IX, the Nihility}the sleeping and shapeless{RUBY_E#} never bestows its gaze upon anyone, and thus no one can truly possess the power of the Nihility?
That's a very astute guess, but unfortunately, Acheron did progress further down the Path of the Nihility. Her unwavering belief in liberating the world from the grasp of Paths surpasses the capabilities of ordinary humans.
I'll discard that incorrect answer for you. Take your time and think it through — What is the fatal {RUBY_B#flaw}variable{RUBY_E#}?
It's true that Gallagher is a History Fictionologist, but he didn't lie in this matter. In addition, "death" and "dormancy" do arise from the same concept, don't they?
This is not the fatal {RUBY_B#flaw}variable{RUBY_E#} in your adventure. Take your time and think it through.
Nothing escapes your attention, Miss Navigator.
Finally, I can breathe a sigh of relief.
Do you remember Sunday's ambitious plan? He intended to harness the power of the Stellaron, the collective will of over 100,000 Oak Family members, and the desires of everyone in Penacony to usurp the Harmony and restore the Order.
This is what makes Ena's Dream so powerful. In this paradise governed by the Order, everyone indulges in their delightful dreams and lives happily ever after.
I believe what you experienced in the sweet dream, except for that flaw, was real. Only in this way could you reach the destination, lifting the crisis in Penacony and embarking on your next trailblazing expedition.
If it wasn't for Acheron's plan, we might have been trapped in this dream forever.
This is also why you felt a sense of peculiarity when traveling with her.
Well, I'm not as fortunate as she is. Even if I'm a Memokeeper, I was still influenced by the power of the Order and fell into hallucinations.
However, thanks to your memories, now we still have a chance to turn the tide.
The flaw in your dream lies within Misha, who could have never appeared in reality. When I turned the pages of your memories, I realized that I was in an illusion, too.
Now comes the tricky part. How do we do it?
You want to go back? Unfortunately, human consciousness always gravitates toward reality. Now that you've seen the flaw in the dream, there is no turning back.
Humans' yearning for sweet illusions borders on obsession, leading them to subconsciously resist... the harsh reality.
However, to wake up everyone in Penacony and get them to share the same determination... that would be nearly impossible.
You're welcome. And thanks to the Memokeepers in Penacony, too. I believe your partners... have also awakened from their dreams.
However, those outsiders might also succumb to the dream and become the foundation of the Order instead. The real challenge is — How can we gather a huge number of people as determined as you within a short period of time.
Your plan sounds well-conceived, but still, it appears somewhat... idealistic and romantic. The flaws rooted in human nature can't be eradicated overnight. Do you believe these efforts alone are enough to convince everyone to choose the right path?
So, you're the key in the end, I assume?
That's a relief to hear.
This way, darling.
Alright, please come with me.
Here we are.
"Life is akin to a winding labyrinth, where memories serve as our sole companions."
...In my estimation, there's no question about it. This is murder.
Just some suggestions at the memory level. If something happens in everybody's memory... then that something becomes a fact.
If we had a little more time, I could have even convinced her I was Xipe the Harmony.
Just some suggestions at the memory level. If something happens in everybody's memory... then that something becomes a fact.
Rather than hearing endless explanations, would you like to experience it for yourself?
...Does "Miss Sparkle's body" even count as a real character?
It's a little bit forced, but it's fine. So... who is this Mr. Sampo, then?
So I've been running a fool's errand this whole time.
Oh... am I understanding this correctly? A Masked Fool, inviting me to work together?
...I don't really understand why you're so fixated on destroying Family barriers, but as I said before, a Memokeeper can't help you. It's frankly above my pay grade.
Also, I don't consider you a loner. Oh, I don't mean him, but rather behind you...
The one who hired you to come to Penacony probably doesn't want you secretly linking up with other forces, right?
Memory is like the deep blue sea. But if you try to catch two fish with one cast... You might not be satisfied with your catch.
Why not?
I said... why not?
Don't worry. Such a crude approach violates my aesthetics of memory, so once you leave my sight, you'll be able to remember everything again. And also...
I'm sorry, my dear. My dream dance partner... I've already got sights on someone else.
Then on to the next order of business — let's discuss your companion, shall we?
There's actually more than one Memokeeper who's come to Penacony — she mixed me up with someone else. But no harm, no foul...
The address that the mask gave you is right here. But you never would have thought... that when Miss Sparkle mentioned a game, she was talking about wanton slaughter on the streets of Penacony.
Such a direct act of provocation is enough to get my competitive side worked up too.
What a frightened look you have. Don't worry. Since this has nothing to do with you, I won't be suspecting you of anything. Why don't you come take a stroll with me?
Who was the victim?
Who are those two little guys?
Any leads yet?
Where is Mr. Shamari right now? I'd like to meet him.
Looks like we'll have to play this little game of Sparkle's then.
The Sparkle Murder case? Wasn't the victim Shamari from the IPC?
...Oh, I guess Miss Sparkle has written herself into the skit here, and this has nothing to do with the actual case. Goldhammer — is that her real surname?
So the three of them teamed up to kill her?
Got it. But... it sounds like Mr. Assistant Detective has his own misgivings... Would you like to go over it again?
That won't be necessary. I've memorized every detail.
Isn't that a bit unnecessary?
Looks like Miss Sparkle is adding a little spice to the investigation. Let's take her up on her offer then — Mr. Assistant Detective, this way.
This notice... seems like a hint for us from Miss Sparkle.
This is so her style, isn't it?
Mmm... What's this little device here for? Could you please let me know? It looks like a little button.
That sounds like... both buttons can do the exact same thing?
Oh...
Okay... Why?
Regardless of why it's designed like the conductor aboard the Astral Express, this doll — Is it connected to the case?
I see. But when it's so obvious, doesn't that defeat the purpose?
I see — thank you for your keen insight. Then let's pretend we were misled by a Red Herring. Hmm... this doll... Could it be connected to the case?
Doesn't look like there are any more clues. Let's head back to the crime scene.
Why don't we flip the question and start by asking who COULDN'T be the murderer? After all, there are only three suspects, so elimination could be a valid method.
The murderer is Wright.
Looks like the key to winning lies not in the puzzle itself, but in the motives behind Miss Sparkle's strange behavior... I'm afraid this chase may just go on forever.
That's exactly what I plan on doing. Even if it's just subjective, there must be an overall principle behind the behavior — memories cannot lie, and hers may just understand more about her than she does herself.
Right now, let's follow her train of thought and head to the next puzzle. I hope this time we can get ahead of the Bloodhound Family. I want to try and avoid using my Memokeeper powers.
The skit this time is a modernist one.
Our old friends.
That won't be necessary. I remember it all.
The footprints, which are half as big as standard, must belong to a Pepeshi person.
In the victim's MOUTH...?
Mr. Sampo, take a closer look... this is a wonderful smoked red herring.
Even among the fools I know, Miss Sparkle's sense of humor stands out from the rest.
No, only a handful. After all, I prefer warm memories baked in sunshine. They're the ones that usually belong to kind people.
I have to thank you, Mr. Assistant Detective. But... the puzzle this time is pretty strange.
Just some shallow intuition... Anyway, let's report back to the sheriff for now.
Pretty much.
In my opinion, there is no murderer for this case.
This tie is a piece of evidence, right?
This ring is a piece of evidence, right?
This stool is a piece of evidence, right?
It doesn't? Looks like Miss Sparkle is more careful than I thought.
Don't worry. Let me think again.
As you can imagine, the conclusions that the evidence points to are not mutually exclusive. Which means... this is probably another prank from Miss Sparkle.
Mr. Assistant Detective, please feel free to point out a suspect as the murderer.
Look, Miss Sparkle has given us a puzzle where every single answer is correct.
...
No murder case this time around?
Since it's a classic puzzle, the answer is... "people," right?
Mmm, what is it then... My answer is "bugs." Is that right?
Seeing as we're in Penacony... the answer is "Sweet Dreams troupe," right?
Seeing as you're right here in front of me like this, then I guess... the answer is "a trashcan," right?
What a cute answer.
...Wait. Don't move.
...Something's off.
...
There is no death inside Penacony's dreamscape. That's the promise of The Family and the blessing of the Harmony. Not even a Memokeeper can break this barrier.
There's no need to take such great pains. If you just want confirmation... I've already told you the answer, Miss Sparkle.
You.
"Sparkle has disguised herself as another character"... Wouldn't that be you, Mr. Sampo?
The hint for the final question was a little too obvious.
All the painstaking effort that Miss Sparkle put into it — how could I ever miss it?
The key to solving the puzzle lay in two pieces of information put forward by the detectives: First, the large splatter of blood at the crime scene. Second, the victim had been dead for some time.
Based on my shallow understanding, I can only draw two conclusions: One is that the murderer did not need to create a locked-room case — because a locked-room always needs a reason to exist...
But based on the detective's description, this locked-room did not delay the discovery of the body. There was no third party at the crime scene to frame, and the blood everywhere didn't look like a faked suicide...
That being so, the murderer seems to have no reason for creating a locked-room. There is also reason to speculate that if the crime scene was a locked-room — then its creator might not necessarily be the murderer.
As for my second conclusion, it's even more obvious still. When everyone broke into the scene of the crime, why did the assistant rush off to staunch the blood? A trained professional was somehow happily destroying a crime scene just to save someone who's obviously been dead a while?
The answer is simple: It's because the assistant detective is the murderer.
At the time I was in such a hurry that I didn't hear the whole mystery. I tentatively speculated that the murderer had killed the victim the night before, but hadn't locked the door from the inside.
And so when he learned this piece of information, he realized that the victim had created their own locked-room mystery.
That's why he had to rush to the crime scene as soon as possible, to confirm whether or not the victim left any evidence implicating him. And judging by his behavior, it probably had something to do with that canvas, like some final words.
Of course, this is just a simple mind game. The answer to the puzzle isn't important. Miss Sparkle just wanted to pass on one hint to me: That the murderer is the assistant detective...
...which means it's you, Mr. Sampo. I've been using this term of address — but it was you who first came up with it.
In my opinion, there is no difference between the two. Follow ripples along the surface of the water. Use some abilities and tricks to keep diving deeper, and touch that secret deep inside people's hearts. Salvage it, and protect them carefully...
The truth does not lie. Neither do memories.
Another answer?
Presumably... Miss Sparkle is now carefully arranging the next crime scene, right?
Why don't you skip all this rigmarole and just have a heart-to-heart conversation with me? It might tickle a little.
Hmmm... honest kid. I know where you are, Miss Sparkle.
Huh, Mr. Assistant Detective? You seem to be getting anxious?
Let's go — can't keep a girl waiting, can we?
Please can you explain to us again the details of the case?
Thank you. I don't have any further questions.
Thank you. I don't have any further questions.
Next up... let's interview those two over there.
No way. Please put more trust in me.
I have no questions about the case, but I'm just curious... How did Sparkle manipulate you?
Mr. Shamari's belongings should have disappeared alongside him as he woke from the Dreamscape. The fact this ID is here means Miss Sparkle placed it here on purpose to prove that she definitely attacked someone.
Miss Sparkle also used it to attack Mr. Shamari.
Based on the bailiff's statement, Lefton's dominant hand was seriously injured to the point where he had to learn how to live using only his left hand. Swinging that giant sledgehammer to murder someone... that must be hard for him. Probably impossible.
Lefton's suspicion level can be downgraded.
Poor guy. He was seriously injured and was all wrapped up in bandages to keep his good looks safe. If that's the case, then he couldn't have made it through the Goldhammer residence's facial recognition system.
That would suggest that Zhongshan is not the murderer.
I told you, it's purely out of a spirit of competitiveness.
And, as a Memokeeper, I also have to fulfill my responsibilities and harvest some interesting memories.
I'm just a little curious. Isn't it really tiring for Miss Sparkle to play so many different roles?
There's an accounting book lying on the ground. It must have been specially placed there by Sparkle.
This Qian Ketong person should be Sparkle's targeted victim this time around.
And there's the tie.
The tag on the tie reads "Only For Imperial Master Lefton"... Seems like it's one of Miss Sparkle's personal belongings.
Open it up and take a look.
This tie is a piece of evidence, right?
It doesn't? Looks like Miss Sparkle is more careful than I thought.
This ring is a piece of evidence, right?
It doesn't? Looks like Miss Sparkle is more careful than I thought.
This stool is a piece of evidence, right?
It doesn't? Looks like Miss Sparkle is more careful than I thought.
Excuse me, is the deputy sheriff still around?
But I preferred the character design of the deputy sheriff. Can it come back?
Why, I wouldn't miss it for the world — seeing as you put so much work into everything.
Nothing? I thought there was an answer for every single permutation.
I'd rather not play around. We don't have very much time.
I'd rather not play around. We don't have very much time.
Truly, Miss Sparkle is a fascinating person. She seems chaotic inside, but easy enough to understand — like a performer on the stage, or a child hungering for attention.
This game will be over soon... This time, we're going to catch her.
Such a crude approach violates my aesthetics of memory, but as a means to an end... I need to put this aside for a more indifferent process.
There's nobody else at the scene. Seems like Miss Sparkle used the same method to "send" dreamers back to reality... Let's talk to those two there then.
I'm sorry. The dance partner of my choice... I've already chosen.
"The nature of this memory is special. Don't ruin the dreamscape experience for anyone else by spoiling the ending."
I am Fu Xuan, head of the Divination Commission. This is our first encounter... or perhaps I should say — our twenty-second first encounter... Through the omniscia, I have met you for the first time, many times...
Honored guest, would you like to know your fortune? No need to act surprised — your reason for coming has already been foretold by the hexagram.
You're leaving? Good timing, I too have other affairs to attend to.
People say that nothing escapes my omniscia, but that isn't true. No divination can be entirely accurate. I am a diviner, not a prophet who speaks for the divine.
The eye on my forehead is a treasure from beyond the heavens bestowed on me by Nous. With it, I am able to see changes in the external world and explore many possibilities. However, as Nous made clear: "Knowledge comes at the price of suffering." The omniscia is, in some ways, an eternal punishment.
It is through this Matrix that the diviners view the past and know the future. The Luofu, drifting on the sea of stars, could not be without it for even a day. But... sometimes I wonder if it limits our future possibilities and seals our path ahead?
Early this morning, I performed a divination reading. There were undulations between the water and fire trigrams, with multiple fluctuating variables... The reading said that it would be best to not conduct official business or work overtime today. Hmph, how tiresome.
After a long night's work, I like to drink a cup of the Dragon Lady's specially blended herbal tea. I add sugar, more sugar, and extra sugar! Just one cup and I feel like a new person! It helps recharge all the energy I spend through my calculations.
I am educated and well-read, and so sometimes I can't help but quote the classics. Still, there are those that tell me I'm speaking "Fu Xuan." Hmph...
One of the Divination Commission's unwritten rules is the "three taboos" — which includes "no unjust divination." So, if you want me to divine the winning lottery numbers, future market conditions, or the like, forgive me for declining to offer my services.
Although the Alliance followed the Reignbow Arbiter's order to hunt down the Plagues Author... every Xianzhou ship still has Aeonspawn known as "Traces of the Abundance." At the heart of the many delves of the Luofu, there is the Ambrosial Arbor that gives us longevity.
The Yuque was the birthplace of the Divination Commission, where the stargazers and diviners gathered to observe the stars and plot the path ahead for the Alliance. I have seen the lithogenic ore of the Fallow Earth there — it is the source of our Jade Abacus technology.
It is said that a living flame slumbers in the engine of the Zhuming. It is a creature the Xianzhou regarded as a great enemy in the old days — the Flint Emperor, who was also called the Primordial Flame. The craftsmen of the Zhuming used every means available to imprison it in the furnace and used its power to forge various divine weapons.
Hmph, as it stands, Jing Yuan has promised to nominate me to the generalship on 122 separate occasions. For 121 of them, I made my case and he replied with a nonchalant "mm-hmm." The one other time, I spoke at length on my reasoning and watched him gradually fall asleep...
The Divination Commission is full of idlers, but she is the only one who has truly mastered the art of slacking off — and getting away with it... She could write a whole book on the subject! Sometimes I even wonder if she could escape my divination...
For a long time, I thought that the tea the Dragon Lady made for me had a secret ingredient for replenishing the weary. Eventually, I discovered that the secret ingredient was just extra sugar. Such a subtle method for treating fatigue, but I expect nothing less from such an exceptional member of the Alchemy Commission!
Whenever I get into a heated discussion with Jing Yuan and allow my tone to betray me, Yanqing starts glaring at me. Still, I don't need the omniscia to know that the odds of that child making a move against me are minimal...
The various merchant guilds under the Sky-Faring Commission each have their own strengths. I've heard that Tingyun's Whistling Flames is adept at producing value by sifting through piles of ordinary items. Such is the way of divination: seeing potential possibilities in everything.
The shadows of future possibilities and the direction of one's path should normally be readily apparent... I can't detect any traces of these on you. Strange...
That girl may be shy, but she's been lauded by many... If I had that kind of assistance, it would take a load off my mind...
Isn't every morsel, every drop predestined?
With favor and gain, life's free from strain.
When it comes to seeing everything, I've still got a long road ahead of me...
Hmm, is this weal or woe?
With you on our side, we're destined for victory.
General? No need to divine the result of this battle...
Qingque? Ahem! I knew you weren't in the repository. I've been waiting here for you for some time.
Your martial prowess exceeds that of the general, while I surpass him in strategy. How about we join forces?
With the Dragon Lady here, I have nothing to worry about.
Everything came together.
Our fortune is clouded with uncertainty.
The omniscia sees through you...
Hesitation only breeds chaos.
With all my power... Scry the future!
Together as one.
No matter.
B—Bad luck...
All things in this world have their laws...
Yet stratagems, constellations... are human creations!
Yin and Yang, life and death.
Was this... predestined...?
Good fortune is bound to return.
Reciprocity... excellent.
Infallible.
All things shift in divination.
Just as I thought.
*gasp* Ahem! ...Unexpected. We shouldn't take too much...
Throw me another puzzle.
Be watchful — always.
One's hexagrammatic position is always in flux. Planning is paramount.
Allow me to make a divination.
In formation, in accordance!
Converge and awaken.
As divined.
This was documented in the ancient texts long ago.
I am Fu Xuan, head of the Divination Commission. This is our first encounter... or perhaps I should say — our twenty-second first encounter... Through the omniscia, I have met you for the first time, many times...
Honored guest, would you like to know your fortune? No need to act surprised — your reason for coming has already been foretold by the hexagram.
You're leaving? Good timing, I too have other affairs to attend to.
People say that nothing escapes my omniscia, but that isn't true. No divination can be entirely accurate. I am a diviner, not a prophet who speaks for the divine.
The eye on my forehead is a treasure from beyond the heavens bestowed on me by Nous. With it, I am able to see changes in the external world and explore many possibilities. However, as Nous made clear: "Knowledge comes at the price of suffering." The omniscia is, in some ways, an eternal punishment.
It is through this Matrix that the diviners view the past and know the future. The Luofu, drifting on the sea of stars, could not be without it for even a day. But... sometimes I wonder if it limits our future possibilities and seals our path ahead?
Early this morning, I performed a divination reading. There were undulations between the water and fire trigrams, with multiple fluctuating variables... The reading said that it would be best to not conduct official business or work overtime today. Hmph, how tiresome.
After a long night's work, I like to drink a cup of the Dragon Lady's specially blended herbal tea. I add sugar, more sugar, and extra sugar! Just one cup and I feel like a new person! It helps recharge all the energy I spend through my calculations.
I am educated and well-read, and so sometimes I can't help but quote the classics. Still, there are those that tell me I'm speaking "Fu Xuan." Hmph...
One of the Divination Commission's unwritten rules is the "three taboos" — which includes "no unjust divination." So, if you want me to divine the winning lottery numbers, future market conditions, or the like, forgive me for declining to offer my services.
Although the Alliance followed the Reignbow Arbiter's order to hunt down the Plagues Author... every Xianzhou ship still has Aeonspawn known as "Traces of the Abundance." At the heart of the many delves of the Luofu, there is the Ambrosial Arbor that gives us longevity.
The Yuque was the birthplace of the Divination Commission, where the stargazers and diviners gathered to observe the stars and plot the path ahead for the Alliance. I have seen the lithogenic ore of the Fallow Earth there — it is the source of our Jade Abacus technology.
It is said that a living flame slumbers in the engine of the Zhuming. It is a creature the Xianzhou regarded as a great enemy in the old days — the Flint Emperor, who was also called the Primordial Flame. The craftsmen of the Zhuming used every means available to imprison it in the furnace and used its power to forge various divine weapons.
Hmph, as it stands, Jing Yuan has promised to nominate me to the generalship on 122 separate occasions. For 121 of them, I made my case and he replied with a nonchalant "mm-hmm." The one other time, I spoke at length on my reasoning and watched him gradually fall asleep...
The Divination Commission is full of idlers, but she is the only one who has truly mastered the art of slacking off — and getting away with it... She could write a whole book on the subject! Sometimes I even wonder if she could escape my divination...
For a long time, I thought that the tea the Dragon Lady made for me had a secret ingredient for replenishing the weary. Eventually, I discovered that the secret ingredient was just extra sugar. Such a subtle method for treating fatigue, but I expect nothing less from such an exceptional member of the Alchemy Commission!
Whenever I get into a heated discussion with Jing Yuan and allow my tone to betray me, Yanqing starts glaring at me. Still, I don't need the omniscia to know that the odds of that child making a move against me are minimal...
The various merchant guilds under the Sky-Faring Commission each have their own strengths. I've heard that Tingyun's Whistling Flames is adept at producing value by sifting through piles of ordinary items. Such is the way of divination: seeing potential possibilities in everything.
The shadows of future possibilities and the direction of one's path should normally be readily apparent... I can't detect any traces of these on you. Strange...
That girl may be shy, but she's been lauded by many... If I had that kind of assistance, it would take a load off my mind...
Isn't every morsel, every drop predestined?
With favor and gain, life's free from strain.
When it comes to seeing everything, I've still got a long road ahead of me...
Hmm, is this weal or woe?
With you on our side, we're destined for victory.
General? No need to divine the result of this battle...
Qingque? Ahem! I knew you weren't in the repository. I've been waiting here for you for some time.
Your martial prowess exceeds that of the general, while I surpass him in strategy. How about we join forces?
With the Dragon Lady here, I have nothing to worry about.
Everything came together.
Our fortune is clouded with uncertainty.
The omniscia sees through you...
Hesitation only breeds chaos.
With all my power... Scry the future!
Together as one.
No matter.
B—Bad luck...
All things in this world have their laws...
Yet stratagems, constellations... are human creations!
Yin and Yang, life and death.
Was this... predestined...?
Good fortune is bound to return.
Reciprocity... excellent.
Infallible.
All things shift in divination.
Just as I thought.
*gasp* Ahem! ...Unexpected. We shouldn't take too much...
Throw me another puzzle.
Be watchful — always.
One's hexagrammatic position is always in flux. Planning is paramount.
Allow me to make a divination.
In formation, in accordance!
Converge and awaken.
As divined.
This was documented in the ancient texts long ago.
I am Fu Xuan, head of the Divination Commission. This is our first encounter... or perhaps I should say — our twenty-second first encounter... Through the omniscia, I have met you for the first time, many times...
Honored guest, would you like to know your fortune? No need to act surprised — your reason for coming has already been foretold by the hexagram.
You're leaving? Good timing, I too have other affairs to attend to.
People say that nothing escapes my omniscia, but that isn't true. No divination can be entirely accurate. I am a diviner, not a prophet who speaks for the divine.
The eye on my forehead is a treasure from beyond the heavens bestowed on me by Nous. With it, I am able to see changes in the external world and explore many possibilities. However, as Nous made clear: "Knowledge comes at the price of suffering." The omniscia is, in some ways, an eternal punishment.
It is through this Matrix that the diviners view the past and know the future. The Luofu, drifting on the sea of stars, could not be without it for even a day. But... sometimes I wonder if it limits our future possibilities and seals our path ahead?
Early this morning, I performed a divination reading. There were undulations between the water and fire trigrams, with multiple fluctuating variables... The reading said that it would be best to not conduct official business or work overtime today. Hmph, how tiresome.
After a long night's work, I like to drink a cup of the Dragon Lady's specially blended herbal tea. I add sugar, more sugar, and extra sugar! Just one cup and I feel like a new person! It helps recharge all the energy I spend through my calculations.
I am educated and well-read, and so sometimes I can't help but quote the classics. Still, there are those that tell me I'm speaking "Fu Xuan." Hmph...
One of the Divination Commission's unwritten rules is the "three taboos" — which includes "no unjust divination." So, if you want me to divine the winning lottery numbers, future market conditions, or the like, forgive me for declining to offer my services.
Although the Alliance followed the Reignbow Arbiter's order to hunt down the Plagues Author... every Xianzhou ship still has Aeonspawn known as "Traces of the Abundance." At the heart of the many delves of the Luofu, there is the Ambrosial Arbor that gives us longevity.
The Yuque was the birthplace of the Divination Commission, where the stargazers and diviners gathered to observe the stars and plot the path ahead for the Alliance. I have seen the lithogenic ore of the Fallow Earth there — it is the source of our Jade Abacus technology.
It is said that a living flame slumbers in the engine of the Zhuming. It is a creature the Xianzhou regarded as a great enemy in the old days — the Flint Emperor, who was also called the Primordial Flame. The craftsmen of the Zhuming used every means available to imprison it in the furnace and used its power to forge various divine weapons.
Hmph, as it stands, Jing Yuan has promised to nominate me to the generalship on 122 separate occasions. For 121 of them, I made my case and he replied with a nonchalant "mm-hmm." The one other time, I spoke at length on my reasoning and watched him gradually fall asleep...
The Divination Commission is full of idlers, but she is the only one who has truly mastered the art of slacking off — and getting away with it... She could write a whole book on the subject! Sometimes I even wonder if she could escape my divination...
For a long time, I thought that the tea the Dragon Lady made for me had a secret ingredient for replenishing the weary. Eventually, I discovered that the secret ingredient was just extra sugar. Such a subtle method for treating fatigue, but I expect nothing less from such an exceptional member of the Alchemy Commission!
Whenever I get into a heated discussion with Jing Yuan and allow my tone to betray me, Yanqing starts glaring at me. Still, I don't need the omniscia to know that the odds of that child making a move against me are minimal...
The various merchant guilds under the Sky-Faring Commission each have their own strengths. I've heard that Tingyun's Whistling Flames is adept at producing value by sifting through piles of ordinary items. Such is the way of divination: seeing potential possibilities in everything.
Destiny usually flows before us into the future, but for her, it flows into the past... As far as she is concerned, is the past a force for good or bad?
That girl may be shy, but she's been lauded by many... If I had that kind of assistance, it would take a load off my mind...
What do I make of it? "The way of heaven is apparent, but the heart of humanity is often deceptive." Are you asking me to divine their true intentions?
Wasn't that my idea, general?
Hmph, why don't you retire early and I use my discretion full-time?
If you'd brought me that Blade earlier, none of this would've been necessary.
Wait, what are you up to exactly? Jing Yuan, did you... let him escape on purpose!?
Hmph, I can understand. There's a lot to take care of on the Xianzhou — you were bound to miss something. Thank goodness I'm here...
On that note, perhaps it's about time you finally nominate me as your successor when the Six Charioteers next convene...
...I may live in relative seclusion, but I can recognize my own territory.
Why did you bring us here!? Does this look like the Divination Commission to you!?
Hmph.
Our hexagrammatic position is fluctuating between the marsh and water trigrams. The vessel is stranded and the way is blocked...
I just performed some quick divination and the hexagram is consistent with our current predicament. The starskiff cannot take us to the Divination Commission today. Alas, without me in charge to handle the Stellaron crisis, I dare not even imagine the kind of mess the commission must be in.
Hmph, since you are clearly ignorant of the commission's internal affairs, I shall absolve you of your ridiculous remarks. I'm going ahead to make some inquiries. Goodbye.
You... really are enthusiastic. No wonder Jing Yuan told me to give you errands...
The prisoner must follow me every step of the way. This is Jing Yuan's order.
...
You think too little of me — my word is my bond! I will stick to my promise even if this delve collapses. That's... very unlikely, by the way.
To have this prisoner speak, the commission must resort to unconventional means... the nature of which is confidential and cannot be disclosed — forgive me. But I can assure you that the questioning will not begin until you arrive, even if that means wasting precious time.
I have appointed someone to wait for you in front of Exalting Sanctum Plaza. Once we've consolidated our internal affairs, you will be brought into the Divination Commission. Please be patient.
Greetings, crew of the Astral Express. This is our first encounter... though given that I have encountered you in foresight, perhaps I should say the second. I am Fu Xuan, master diviner at the Divination Commission and one of the Six Charioteers.
Far-flung friends ought to be received with fine wine, but alas, the heavens, earth, and body are not aligned for such an occasion. You'll allow for a postponement of the usual formalities, I trust? We should begin with the matter at hand.
Ahem! If the method of my speech is offensive to you, you need but say.
Inessential. I hold a proclamation from the general here, if you care to see. Upon detaining the Stellaron Hunter, questioning and all further arrangements are to be undertaken by the Divination Commission.
...Oh?
That guy... Can I go one day without him throwing me under the—
Very well, urgency demands fluidity... The three of you shall accompany me to the Divination Commission.
While I am here, she will not escape. Only the Divination Commission has the methods to make her talk and bring the truth to light.
The time has arrived. We must depart. Please, proceed.
The time has arrived. We must depart. Please, proceed.
I have kept you waiting, but the deceit of the Disciples is laid bare to me now.
Hardly! A diviner must acquire first-hand knowledge in order to calculate the future. Collecting intelligence in this way assists me in achieving the right answer...
Wait... what's all this about a difficult conflict? The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have been scheming for a long time, but our army is in no way inferior. How can things be so difficult?
Sharp as always.
It would seem you came prepared.
*sigh* Who said you'd be heading to the battlefield...
Jing Yuan's orders. He said that the value of unexpected guests lies in the unexpected. The Cloud Knights' assault was to demonstrate our power to the enemy head-on... now it is time for the unexpected.
Please, come with me.
Hmph, I was merely being courteous — according to my divination you've hardly been here long.
Apologies. To avoid dissemination of intelligence, the general and I kept the involvement of the Disciples to ourselves.
It is a clandestine organization that seeks to overthrow the Alliance. Before the Stellaron disaster, the Disciples had remained veiled in shadow for years. Their emergence reflects their intricate connection to this calamity.
Apologies. To avoid dissemination of intelligence, the general and I kept the involvement of the Disciples to ourselves.
It is a clandestine organization that seeks to overthrow the Alliance. Before the Stellaron disaster, the Disciples had remained veiled in shadow for years. Their emergence reflects their intricate connection to this calamity.
"Morning bells chime in a dream, evening mist gathers around me"...Do you see that?
This is where the alchemists practiced the way of immortality in ancient times. They erected elixir crucibles here to absorb the power of the Arbor, turning fantasy into reality. Since the smoke from the crucibles never ceases, this place was named Evemist Mansion.
An elegant name, but as far as the art of war is concerned, it's a deathtrap. As long as the crucibles are lit and the smoke continues to linger, we cannot get any closer.
Indeed. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus infused the smoke that permeates this delve with medicinal pellets that elicit mara.
Unless the Cloud Knights were able to march with their breath held, they would be doomed to fall into disarray. Moreover, no one could know whether their comrade was about to be stricken with mara. Is there anything better than fear for destroying the morale of an army?
Indeed. This demonic vapor is a weapon targeted against the Cloud Knights.
The Ambrosial Arbor is taboo for the Luofu, and the Xianzhou Alliance has always been fiercely independent. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus could never have guessed that the general would seek outside help — they won't be prepared against short-life species.
You misunderstand the nature of the mara-struck condition — it is not a curse unique to humankind. foxians don't usually succumb to it because their lifespan is not eternal, yet they are still a long-life species. The Vidyadhara rely on molting to discard the old world. All long-life species are equal in the face of mara...
However, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus could never have guessed that the general would seek outside help — they won't be prepared against short-life species.
I wouldn't hazard a guess. All I can say is that the predictions of the Stellaron Hunters were more accurate than mine. The future that Kafka seeks is becoming reality... one step at a time.
I do not wish to be their puppet, either. In any case, we do not walk alone and unhindered on our paths. Our choices define us and influence others.
Rather, only this way leads to the known best result. If we can afford to choose, then none would choose to leap off a cliff.
Besides, this is not my decision alone...
The duty of the master diviner is to bring luck and avoid misfortune. I don't want my choice to plunge the Luofu into a terrible future.
To return to the matter at hand, only you can douse the elixir crucibles without being harmed by them. What say you?
I will come at once when the smoke dissipates — you won't be left to fend for yourselves.
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus renounced their century of secrecy and chose to reveal themselves, meaning they feel confident of victory... but no matter how well-prepared they may be, their focus has always been the Cloud Knights. They are completely unaware of your existence and capacity, and in short — cannot be prepared against you.
Dan Shu... it's you.
Indeed. The general and I knew that the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus must be hiding in the Alchemy Commission. However, without evidence, we couldn't bring charges before the commissions. We had to wait for you to show yourselves...
...and now, your charges are many. Drawing Stellaron spirits into the Xianzhou, resurrecting the Ambrosial Arbor, striking down our people with mara... The Ten-Lords Commission will address these transgressions during your reckoning.
Hmph... Forgive me for thinking you might have harbored some profound enlightment. Yours is the same old talk of those who seek power... and give up on their humanity.
Our Xianzhou ancestors fought side by side with the Arbiter, laid waste to the Arbor, and established the Ten-Lords Commission to lay down the lines between life and death... In doing so, we enshrined our future as human beings.
Celestials? There are no celestials on the Xianzhou. The "divine miracles" of the Abundance, the manipulation of life and death... Your deeds are nothing but evil!
...Meaning that Tingyun had long since fallen under the Lord Ravager's influence?
Phantylia is aiming for the Ambrosial Arbor! If she succeeds, the Luofu will be deprived of its roots, making its destruction all too easy. We must stop her!
It's clear that the sudden resurgence of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus is all connected to the Lord Ravager. Pretending to be a Xianzhou citizen, planting a Stellaron on the Luofu — all part of her plan to bring about our self-destruction.
After all, it was they who changed the Xianzhou natives into long-life species... They also developed many incredible technologies from the tree itself.
...
*coughing* What? It's not too late to practice holding my breath...
We're still far from the elixir crucibles. I'm no healer, but I do know that dosage is important in the application of poisons...
Hmph, even so... Okay I admit it — I'm terrified! I'm still young! I don't wanna become mara-struck so soon!
Out of the question! Jing Yuan gave me authority over the Cloud Knights. If I can't even stand on the front lines, then how can I succeed him as general? *cough* How can I win the hearts of the people!?
My fortune is fluctuating between the marsh and heaven trigrams — I can avert disaster by being decisive. So stop talking to me and distracting me!
I'll focus on keeping my sanity. The rest is up to you.
Do you not trust me?
*coughing* ...If I told you I wasn't certain, would you turn back on the spot?
Nonsense! I'm very certain! One-hundred percent!
No need. Aside from divinations and calculations, my instincts are accurate too!
...Though I'm sure a little reassurance wouldn't hurt. You don't know what being mara-struck actually means, do you?
The healers believe that the mara-struck condition is related to memories. Unsurprisingly, long-life species have long lifespans, but there is a limit to the brain's capacity.
After centuries and millennia, a long-life species' emotional threshold becomes higher and higher. Simultaneously, their memories fade and become dull under the erosion of time, leaving behind only the most extreme and vivid recollections, which are almost guaranteed to be memories full of anguish and regret...
Do you understand now? The fate of all long-life species is to no longer feel joy and happiness, left only with hatred and regret etched into the heart. Under such extreme conditions, a person's ego starts to crumble... and that is the beginning of the mara-struck condition.
Short-life species don't need to worry about this. Feel better?
...No, you still don't understand. The condition isn't caused by memories, but by the emotional threshold having been... Never mind. You can regard it as a memory issue.
Only a handful of converted alchemists and healers. They can drive fantastic creatures into battle and strengthen their bodies with medicinal pellets... but they are no match for the Cloud Knights. That's why they decided to spread this demonic vapor.
There is a gulf in strength between us, yet still they emerged into the open and rebelled. Something isn't right. They must be waiting for some shift in fortune...
I will come at once when the crucibles are doused and the smoke dissipates.
Hurry. I will come at once when the crucibles are doused and the smoke dissipates.
That impostor had the audacity to carry out her nefarious plans right under our noses... How utterly despicable.
What worries me more is... just how many more Antimatter saboteurs are at large?
Since she was an amicassador dispatched by the Sky-Faring Commission, it's evident that there must indeed be a person with her name in the Commission. We'll have to let the Cloud Knights get to the bottom of what happened to the real Tingyun.
As for the "Tingyun" who accompanied us all that way, it's like what Mr. Yang said — her appearance was designed to sow seeds of doubt among us... we cannot allow ourselves to fall into her trap.
It is a delve governed by the Vidyadhara — supposedly an ancient oceanic region transferred from the Vidyadhara home planet.
After the Ambrosial Arbor was broken in two during the war, its roots were left gnarled and broken... yet it never died.
The Alliance decided to seal the Arbor within Scalegorge Waterscape, entrust it to the high elders of the Vidyadhara, and rely on the power of Long's Scions to constrain it.
It has been so long — no one knows whether the seal remains... Even if it does, I doubt it will hinder that spectral Lord Ravager.
I've reported the current situation to the Seat of Divine Foresight.
He made no further contact after we communicated at the Matrix of Prescience. He said he had "important matters to personally attend to."
The situation stands on the edge of a precipice. We must trust in the general...
Oh, you're here too... Unfortunately, the general designated you to accompany our guests. So yes, you do.
After receiving the Ambrosial Arbor, the Alchemy Commission was once the Luofu's most vital commission.
But in the end, the alchemists grew discontented and began to obsess over the manipulation of life. Research into the Arbor poisoned their minds... the more they pursued it, the more they longed for it.
E—Excellent. I'll lead my troops to the rendezvous.
Keep calm, all of you! This is a formidable enemy — we have to stay together!
Why are we still here? Things will change if we tarry too long.
We need to take a starskiff to Scalegorge Waterscape — the Ambrosial Arbor can be sealed from that delve.
Jing Yuan! Where have you been!?
The Ambrosial Arbor — that's her focus.
Lord Ravager Phantylia's strategy was to create civil strife — then let it consume the Xianzhou from within. She wanted to use the Arbor to disseminate the power of the Plagues Author... and turn the Luofu into a hell of undying abominations.
Imbibitor Lunae's reincarnation... Dan Heng, correct? I have heard your name before.
Your name was only erased from the public eye. But as the master diviner, I know — and should know — all the records of years gone by... Such archives are of great importance in times of need.
I was not born in the heroic and extraordinary era of the High-Cloud Quintet. To have seen those legends with my own eyes...
Your appearance closely matches the depiction in the annals... Does Vidyadhara reincarnation really entail a complete transformation — a new life?
Perhaps it is a little inappropriate of me to pry into the secrets of the Vidyadhara...
...but your appearance closely matches the depiction in the annals... Does Vidyadhara reincarnation really entail a complete transformation — a new life?
The annals mention that Scalegorge Waterscape was once the location of Dragon Palace. Small wonder — look at all these submerged structures...
Here, general.
Jing Yuan... General, are you planning to face Phantylia alone?
...I trust you will be here to re-issue the order in person... but whatever the outcome, I will do as you command and honor the mission.
...I don't think I can ever get used to this.
*sigh* It's a pleasure to see you all here today.
Collating casualties and losses, dispatching forces to round up the remnants of the Disciples, submitting battle reports to the Six Charioteers... Now I know what Jing Yuan meant when he said "the highest throne faces the strongest winds."
Generalship is no trifling matter — how could I be "enjoying myself?" All I can do is get used to it, hmph...
Generalship is no trifling matter — it is a duty one must bear.
Of course not! On the contrary, I am eager to thank you all in my official capacity as acting general of the Luofu. Now that things have drawn to a conclusion, it is time to reward you.
Yes, the Astral Express has braved great evil for the Luofu. Your devotion is evident. After discussions with the Six Charioteers, you are henceforth sworn allies of the Luofu. Within the Luofu's jurisdiction, you are to be treated with the highest standard of diplomatic protocol.
Now that thanks have been expressed, I still have something to discuss with you. Please, this way.
It's not a mission. The Stellaron crisis, the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus rebellion, the Arbor's resurrection, not to mention the Antimatter Legion infiltrating the Luofu... All of these incidents need reporting at the highest level for investigation.
...It's just that, having been in the middle of everything, I'm struggling to keep an accurate perspective. I would appreciate if you could go through it all with me, so that I can reacquaint myself with the finer detail.
So, where should we begin?
It appears that Phantylia was the mastermind behind it all. The Xianzhou warred with the Antimatter Legion in the past, and ever since we have kept a watchful eye on their movements.
Few could have foreseen the insidious tactics employed in the execution of their assaults. The Lord Ravager slithered in unnoticed, clandestinely plotting and machinating, and surreptitiously bestowed a Stellaron upon the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. This heinous act instigated an uprising aimed at luring the Luofu into a perilous trap of self-destruction.
The present danger posed by the Legion clearly demands a re-evaluation. We should proceed cautiously.
When the Ambrosial Arbor was severed by the Reignbow Arbiter thousands of years ago, the Abundance became a taboo. Those within the Alchemy Commission — the original masters of the so-called "way of immortality" — were ruined at a stroke. The commission became a shadow of its former self.
Presumably, from that moment on, the seeds of discord for the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus had already been planted... Some of them were willing to work with the enemy, acquiring a Stellaron from the Antimatter Legion to try and revive {RUBY_B#Ambrosial Arbor}the Abundance{RUBY_E#}.
Hmm... They succeeded alright, but why would Phantylia's objective be to realize their wishes? Those traitors gained nothing — they betrayed the Xianzhou only to become sacrificial offerings in the Lord Ravager's grand scheme.
The Stellaron Hunters? We know just as little. But in the Matrix of Prescience, I saw a prophecy that Kafka received from {RUBY_B#Elio}Destiny's Slave{RUBY_E#}. Elio foresaw all manner of possibilities for the Luofu...
Based on what Kafka knows, and despite everything being under the control of Elio, that prophecy is indeed the most beneficial future for the Luofu. The Stellaron Hunters walked right into our trap, and even gifted allies — in the form of yourselves — to the Xianzhou... That might sound self-interested, but I hope the feeling is mutual.
Now that future has come true, the Xianzhou has discovered the Legion's intentions, and with everyone's help, has imposed a crushing defeat on Phantylia.
That we may, but as logical as things might seem, there are still many details about which we're uncertain.
For example, how was the Stellaron brought onto the Xianzhou? And who sent it on to Scalegorge Waterscape? How many Disciples of Sanctus Medicus still remain at large? All of this is a mystery. Thus far, we've done our best.
I'm submitting my written report to the Alliance, and I've already got a plan in mind. All of you will feature in the report, but for the sake of Jing Yuan, anything related to Xianzhou internal affairs will have names redacted — I hope you can forgive me.
Mm. Jing Yuan has committed quite a few violations this time around, and I'll have to deal with them one by one... *sigh* The Cloud Knight generals are all such a hassle.
Before you leave, please make time to recuperate. If there's anywhere you'd like to visit, feel free to take a look. I must attend to some Cloud Knight matters — farewell for now.
Oh — if you pass through Starskiff Haven, I have something that I hope you can give to Yukong.
*sigh* It was all so chaotic. When Phantylia took form, it was as if Tingyun vanished into thin air.
Thank you, Mr. Yang. Now, let me take a look at my remaining duties for the day. *sigh* It's quite the list...
It's getting late. If you need me, I'll be in the Divination Commission Conclave Hall.
Are you here to say goodbye?
There's no need to be so anxious. I predict that you will return to the Xianzhou often, and you will definitely continue to trouble us when you do.
Therefore, forget about any farewells.
Alright, okay, I understand.
I wish your travels be fleeting of foot, and may your crises be effortlessly resolved.
May your travels be fleeting of foot, and may your crises be effortlessly resolved.
The Cloud Knights were only able to find her fan — she took it with her everywhere. It's currently unclear if Tingyun was a puppet manipulated by Phantylia, or if some form of deception was used to cloud our vision.
I'm already prepared for the worst. Considering how the Legion operates, I fear the fate of the Sky-Faring Commission Amicassador may be a bleak one.
As for how matters are handled with regards to Tingyun, I believe it's best left to her foxian kin. I have informed the Sky-Faring Commission of the events which took place, and I think it would be best if you were the one to deliver this item to Yukong.
I am extremely busy of late. If you have something to ask of me, do not delay.
You were about to say something along the lines of: "How did you know I wanted to ask something?" — but then you remembered who you were talking to and decided not to bother, correct?
Of course — I run a dozen hexagrams before I even get around to breakfast. The results are never far wrong.
A face is not a reliable instrument of divination. On the contrary, I run a dozen hexagrams before I even get around to breakfast. The results are never far wrong.
Today's divinations threw up some unexpected complications — the hexagrammatic position was vacillating between the water and heaven trigrams. The Matrix of Prescience gave the following interpretation: "You will have three uninvited guests. This is ultimately auspicious."
The Matrix of Prescience has reconstructed your past. Before you is a space generated from the memories and items you've provided as raw materials.
Are you okay, Miss March?
You have a strong constitution. Most individuals feel nauseous after being presented with the dizzying excess of information provided by the Matrix.
As expected. Most individuals feel nauseous after being presented with the dizzying excess of information provided by the Matrix.
Your eyes are working just fine. One of the Fu Xuans is a projection of me which allows us to communicate with each other at all times. The other Fu Xuan indicates that I existed during this part of your experience.
Unless I'm mistaken, this must be the time we broke into the Alchemy Commission.
Well, this is just a Matrix inference, remember? Distortions are possible... although the scale of this distortion is surprising...?
Try communicating with the Fu Xuan you see over there, we should hear what the master diviner has to say.
The Garden of Recollection? Did the {RUBY_B#Fuli}Glowswather{RUBY_E#} send you? Are you the one meddling with my observations?
What do you want with this girl? No matter the nature of your intentions... stealing others' memories like this, deceiving them, blinding them...
I cannot allow that to happen!
Miss March, this might feel uncomfortable, but I'm going to enter your memory world and help you clear out any obstacles.
This is your room? That block of ice in the centre... has it always been there?
This must be the foreign object... Looks like our exploration has reached its final stage. I will confirm one last time — are you sure you wish to keep exploring your past?
Mm, I see. You wish to use the Matrix to relive the past and awaken parts of your memory? Viable in principle, but whether the Matrix is truly capable of achieving this result remains to be seen.
Kafka's situation was different.
Wh—Who said that? I didn't say it was impossible, I said it was "viable in principle." There is a gap of a million light years between impossibility and viability.
I feel like I must explain in detail the principles behind the Divination Commission's ultimate weapon to avoid any misunderstandings...
The Matrix of Prescience does not allow one to remember anything. It merely collects data in order to infer "past events" — in the same way that "future events" are inferred.
Just as Realm-Keeping Commission officers collect forensic evidence to recreate the scene of a crime, there are materials from which we can infer the past. These may be items related to the experience, or memories of the people involved.
Miss March's predicament is very different from Kafka's situation, because she doesn't remember what happened in her past.
I am no medical professional... but fortunately I'm very fond of reading! We understand that there are two types of memory loss: One where the memories remain dormant, floating around in the unconsciousness unable to be awakened, and another that involves direct erasure of memories from the brain...
Why don't we try using the Matrix of Prescience to determine which situation pertains to Miss March?
Let's begin then by preparing the requisite inference materials. Miss March, your memory is unreliable. To guarantee the Matrix's accuracy, you'll have to provide something related to your past experience... anything will do.
When you're ready, come and find me in the Matrix core.
I said "THAT" Fu Xuan. Is that so difficult to understand?
Once more.
What is she talking about...
Enough talk — focus and stay calm! You're the master of this experience — you cannot be beaten.
Must we clear ALL the wrong options...?
Did you clear every wrong option on purpose?
You're a genius.
Some memories are buried deep within you. It takes time for them to resurface.
Where do you think you're going? I haven't finished instructing you. Running around in the memory space without understanding its basic functions can cause permanent damage.
So, have you acquired something from your past? As a Nameless, surely you must have souvenirs from your journeys that could evoke memories?
Memories from the Astral Express? That should do the trick.
Something related to your work. Good.
I can understand a young girl's fondness for glittering gemstones...
Hmph, no comment... I happen to prefer startaro bubble tea.
Is that it? Miss March, are you not able to provide possessions from before you lost your memory?
It may be strange to you, but to infer the past, I need materials that were pertinent at that time. Could you try recalling some memories again?
It should indeed, I'll have someone place the material in the base terminal of the Matrix. Miss March, please position yourself in the Matrix core — we may begin our inference whenever you are ready.
The Matrix has cleared diagnostics. Miss March, are you ready yet?
Please be prepared. Not all memories are suitable for reawakening. People carry with them much pain and suffering.
If you're not ready, we can pause the inference process. I would never wish for good intentions to result in harm.
Very well. I will soon connect you to the Matrix of Prescience Ultima, where the Matrix will read your memories and guide you back into your past.
If you reach a block in your memory, the Matrix will use the data gathered to derive a scenario, and construct a possible past for you.
In other words, inside the memory palace that the Matrix constructs, the only person you'll be able to count on is yourself.
Don't worry. I can communicate with you from outside the Matrix and manipulate the recollection process to a certain extent.
Let's begin.
May we proceed?
Wrong Fu Xuan! Talk to the other one.
It would appear that in Miss March's estimation, I'm somewhat of a... blabbermouth.
Despite the obvious distortions in this experience, the base materials from which it is composed are taken from your actual memory — there is no falsehood here. In other words, your subconscious mind thinks that I... talk in tongue-twisters.
Forget it, now is not the time for losing one's temper.
If the inferred experience is distorted, we should focus on filtering out each distortion one by one — otherwise we won't be able to trace your memories back any further.
*sigh* Draw your bow and fire an arrow at that Fu Xuan.
"Easy-peasy"!?
Hmph... The interference factor creating the distortion here should only have one source. That is, the person present who shouldn't be.
Exactly.
My projection will disappear for the moment so as not to cloud your judgment... If you can hear my voice, then it means I'm watching over you.
Hmph, I hope the "best" version of me can overwrite the gloriously absurd version that lives in your subconsciousness.
The distortions we're experiencing are... unorthodox.
This is clearly your subconscious projecting onto the general...
Hm? What is that?
Looks like part of one experience has infiltrated another. A foreign object, so to speak.
No. I believe the object is a sign of the Matrix purging distortion. It has managed to trace back to another one of your experiences.
Make contact with the object — let's see if we can jump over into that experience.
Belobog... I've seen that name somewhere in the astral charts.
There are many similar star systems on the Xianzhou trade routes... Unfortunately, all of them lost contact after the appearance of the Antimatter Legion.
It's okay, this is a memory space. If something hasn't injured you in reality, then it cannot injure you in memory...
Enough of that — touch it.
I said that if something hasn't injured you in reality, then it cannot injure you in memory..... I didn't say anything about the sensation of injury.
So this is Belobog? I was expecting it to be cold.
Hmm, most likely a result of me never having experienced true cold. I'm afraid you'll have to do the shivering by yourself.
On the Luofu, you and I have shared experiences, and so I was able to provide more active assistance... but in Belobog, you'll have to rely on your own judgment to ascertain the source of distortion and get the foreign object to appear.
Oh, Miss March, I have one more thing to ask... Have you ever experienced great suffering?
Sometimes people forget extreme memories to protect themselves from suffering...
Perhaps you didn't notice, but in your memories of the Luofu, everyone you met was either hinting or explicitly stating that you should stop trying to remember.
I believe this is most likely your subconscious communicating with you directly... though of course, we cannot rule out that external forces may have interfered with your memory. In the latter case, it is possible that someone decided to leave warnings in your subconscious to prevent you from recalling the truth.
...And yet, memories are precisely what you seek, no?
I say this to say one thing — are you certain you wish to continue exploring your memories?
Hehe, very well. I must admit that I'm finding the whole matter more interesting by the minute.
This blue-haired fellow has an air of deceit about him every time he opens his mouth.
Why would hotel security need to be armed to the teeth? Is there great lawlessness in Belobog?
It isn't so surprising. In attempting to pursue the rational, we piece together the unrelated. The result is a seemingly meaningful fantasy — a fantasy called life.
This girl seems quite trustworthy.
"Whale-Tide Spring" — isn't that a variety of Xianzhou tea?
These experiences are becoming increasingly distorted...
I'm not sure your conscious mind does either.
The force that's distorting this experience... is nearby.
Rest easy, I can guarantee your safety while you're inside the Matrix of Prescience.
...These warnings are ongoing... The situation is becoming stranger by the minute.
In which case, we must eliminate her.
An answer is not required. She is merely a mirage hindering your progress.
What's this? Let me see... "Developed on Herta Space Station"?
...Shame, we didn't get to see the stunning vistas of the snow plains. This hotel lobby must have left a deep impression on you.
So long as you're ready.
March... Can you... me ...
I'm getting more and more evidence that your memories have suffered interference... but I don't know where from...
Hmph, I promised I'd watch over you. Besides, I've been blessed by the {RUBY_B#Nous}Wisdomwalker{RUBY_E#} — I will never tolerate efforts to impede the truth.
Many members of the Garden have their own agenda — it's impossible to confirm anything from a cursory introduction.
This is the Astral Express, no? It would seem that you're nearing the source. The Matrix of Prescience Ultima should start making further calculations soon.
Do you remember where it was exactly that you were discovered?
Then let's pass through this carriage and find your room.
It's the messenger. She's interfering with your movements again.
The interferer has been thwarting your progress this whole time...
Maybe the only way for you to find your past is to take a step back.
As soon as you open this door, the Matrix of Prescience will start calculating your past.
Whenever you're ready...
...And the Matrix of Prescience stopped at precisely the same moment!
March, I lost sight of you once you touched that block of ice. What happened?
So... That mysterious girl was really a messenger of the Glowswather?
No, it's too early to draw such a conclusion... All I can say is that it was very likely an Aeon that sealed away your memories... but not necessarily Fuli.
When the messenger spoke of "protection," perhaps she meant the following: By sealing away your memories, the Glowswather wasn't attempting to harm you, but to shield you from the memories themselves.
It seems like retrieving memories is beyond the operational spectrum of the Matrix of Prescience Ultima.
Mm... If you'll excuse me, I must organize an inspection of the Matrix... Ugh, fingers crossed there's no damage done.
I must organize an inspection of the Matrix... Ugh, fingers crossed there's no damage done.
We're fluctuating between the heaven and thunder trigrams. A step forward bridges no distance hence.
Ahem... it's an {RUBY_B#Great Woe}utter disaster{RUBY_E#}. How's that for a Divination Commission fortune?
The Matrix of Prescience has stopped operating and the symbols have dimmed. There are Stellaron spirits wreaking havoc inside the commission and the Cloud Knights are struggling to protect civilians. I want to restore the Matrix of Prescience but I have no forces available.
And on top of all that, General, we still have to deal with the Stellaron Hunter you handed to us. If that's not an utter disaster, then I don't know what is.
You don't need to flatter me, General. It's natural for fortune to fluctuate — there's no escaping it.
The Divination Commission simply does its best to uncover the good and the bad and then make the right decisions. We have no magical means to turn the tide.
*sigh* So, general... even guests are on the payroll these days?
Entering the Matrix of Prescience without my permission is a breach of protocol...
*sigh* ...would be an ungracious thing to say in the present circumstances. I admit, I'm pleasantly surprised to see you here.
Qingque is often unreliable, but she comes through for us when the need arises.
It's nice to have people I can entrust with difficult matters. I'm not like the general, and you don't even belong to my commission — I certainly won't be bossing you around.
I was waiting for the Matrix of Prescience to resume operations so that you might gain insight into my divination techniques... *sigh* It was rude of me to keep you waiting so long.
Very well, then I'll keep this brief. The Divination Commission is currently understaffed. I need your help to restart the Matrix of Prescience's base terminals... and eliminate the Stellaron spirits along the way.
Yes, but you needn't worry. You have my permission.
Qingque will accompany you. She'll be in charge of restarting the terminal. As for eliminating the spirits...
...Wh—What? Which magic word?
...
Ugh... Please!
Qingque, restarting the base terminals will be your responsibility.
Oh, and forget everything you saw and heard just now.
I will guard the Matrix core. Once we've restarted the three terminals, Kafka's interrogation can commence.
When we're finished, I'll give you enough time to talk to her.
Once activated, the Matrix of Prescience analyzes all the information contained in the target — Kafka in this case — and transfers anything pertaining to the Xianzhou into the diviner's consciousness.
Every one of us walks a Path, moving ceaselessly through time and space, creating all manner of karma in our wake...
How are things progressing? I have yet to sense the connection between the three base terminals.
Divination is no mere conjecture. If the parameters are insufficient and uncertainty surrounds the target, then it is like looking for a needle in a galaxy. Do you understand?
Furthermore, interference caused by the Stellaron spirits that infiltrated the Commission has greatly reduced the accuracy of our divination. The margin of error could be as high as 0.2%! I cannot tolerate such inaccuracies in our interpretations.
So, have you activated the terminals yet? Why is the Matrix of Prescience still unresponsive?
There is no "what if"! ...Because nothing remains unforeseen.
The Matrix's algorithm is known as "the way of all change" — it accounts for every unpredictability on the Path of all things with uncountable enumerations. When your objects of measure are eras of time and oceans of stars, there are no true variables in the world.
...No more questions! Have you activated the three terminals!?
Well done, all of you. I can sense the Matrix of Prescience symbols re-illuminating.
Now, to interrogate Kafka. Those of you in the core may feel a few... impacts.
Are you ready?
I have no interest in the words of wanted criminals — especially those skilled in the art of manipulation...
...so say what you will — I'm here to witness the divination of the Matrix of Prescience.
The Divination Commission has ways of extracting the truth, and they're far more effective than a conversation.
I can't believe it...
...But, the Matrix of Prescience cannot be wrong.
Kafka has nothing to do with the Stellaron, but you... It's you...
Ha! Absurd! I'd never have thought it...
Ask her yourself — take as long as you wish.
I must report this to the general immediately. Please excuse me!
Unless Kafka deceived the Matrix of Prescience...
You... General, when did you have these suspicions?
General, we must retain all urgency! The Ambrosial Arbor...
Every crisis is a turning point. A problem is easier to resolve when you know where it lies.
...Am I coming up with the plan again?
From my perspective, convening the Cloud Knights is our immediate priority. We must head into the roots of the Ambrosial Arbor, expel the Stellaron spirits, and prevent the Arbor's resurrection.
General.
...You're a scoundrel.
You've been sitting on that this whole time? How will you justify the losses if something goes wrong, General!?
It's my fault. I had higher expectations of the general...
Please! We can't keep getting them to do everything for us! Since when did we run out of people on the Luofu?
You... Why are you staring at me?
Do I need to remind you, general, that the Ambrosial Arbor's access point is a closely guarded secret? Allowing outworlders would be—
Under... my control?
You've never given me the opportunity, and now suddenly... Understood, as you wish.
A step forward bridges no distance hence... Ugh, the hexagram was right.
The {RUBY_B#Relic of the Abundance}Ambrosial Arbor{RUBY_E#} was felled thousands of years ago... now it returns to life. The future of Xianzhou is difficult to divine.
I had long anticipated it.
Pursuing Kafka is a waste of time and effort — The Matrix of Prescience informed me of her innocence. Our priority is the Ambrosial Arbor.
From the time the Stellaron corrosion began to spread until now, the only reports we've received on the Alchemy Commission have come from alchemists and doctors stationed in other delves.
The Alchemy Commission is where the Xianzhou's medical research and production take place. However, due to its proximity to the Ambrosial Arbor's seal, I'm afraid the Stellaron spirits may have plunged it into a deeper crisis than we first feared.
To make matters worse, the general suspects there are traitors in the Alchemy Commission. The self-proclaimed Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have been plotting this for a long time — now they're using the location to their advantage. I must take action as soon as possible.
He really is a delegator at heart, isn't he... There isn't much distance between the Artisanship and Alchemy Commissions — I'm afraid the former is likely also facing imminent catastrophe.
The starskiff is ready — I will lead the way.
I still have important tasks from the general to attend to. Go carefully, all of you.
...No need.
My omniscia has seen that your journey will be auspicious — everything will proceed smoothly.
What's the delay? If you're worried about the road ahead, I've already told you — the hexagram indicates an auspicious result.
Don't believe me? Fine. Fate is fickle — better to believe in yourself than look to the sky.
The sights from this Express of yours are surprisingly pleasant. I've lived within the Divination Commission under the delve's artificial sky for so long that I'd somewhat forgotten the magnificence of the real world.
I hope to visit more of such marvelous places and to gaze upon such views with my own eyes... The most grandiose, astounding, and extraordinary vistas are often found in perilous and distant lands.
It's a pity that the Luofu cannot part from me for even a day... Even if I wished to visit other lands, they probably wouldn't allow it.
I must thank you for this... I can come here to have some peace and quiet when my work gets too busy... You are esteemed guests on the Xianzhou — I doubt any would dare to pull me away.
Such a minute place, and yet such splendid scenery... just splendid.
Such a minute place, and yet such splendid scenery... just splendid.
I didn't realize I'd spent half a day conversing with Himeko...
It is indeed a pleasure to converse with such a knowledgeable peer for so long.
Nothing too complex... we discussed upgrading the algorithms in the Express' navigation system.
We agree that the current algorithms are sub-optimal, and that the Asamkhyeya Continuum can produce better results.
However, we had a difference of opinion regarding the execution.
Himeko thinks the Interstellar Maginov Theory can iterate the most perfect optimization model.
However, I feel the James-Magata System contains fundamental issues, causing any formal systems derived from it to inevitably contain irregularities.
We finally decided to test them on an emulator... It turns out Himeko's proposed calculations are more efficient, and will significantly improve the accuracy of the Express' navigational system.
As such, Himeko prevailed... But the truth isn't about winning or losing. I am content.
No matter. It is the joy of pure logic, destined not to be comprehended by all.
It is the joy of pure logic, destined not to be comprehended by all.
Have you tried the strange chess game you have here on the Express?
You should.
Really? Then we should have a match someday.
It isn't Xianzhou chess, but the rules are similar. The conductor saw me expressing an interest and graciously decided to teach me.
Speaking of Xianzhou chess, I'm a bit of an expert — few on the Luofu could ever dream of defeating me.
But that conductor of yours is no ordinary player either. We played a dozen rounds and ended up in a stalemate.
Hmm...
Perhaps I should start making regular chess visits to the Express...
Perhaps I should start making regular chess visits to the Express...
I was speaking with Mr. Yang about the Cloudstrider, and we shared many fascinating tales.
There are many legends about the Cloudstrider in the Xianzhou Alliance's folktales. The Cloudstrider made a chromatic echelon, created the star rail, and traveled across the universe — connecting many worlds.
THEY left many legends throughout the galaxy... though such legends are bound to be contaminated by falsehoods.
The Cloudstrider once drove eternal wildfires from the ground, saving life on land from scorching heat.
When I spoke of this, Mr. Yang told me that a similar tale exists at a place called Sangiske... They believe Akivili moved a continuously erupting volcano into the heavens to save the people below.
Perhaps this legend was simply how ancient peoples accounted for the star in their planetary system — by attributing it to the Cloudstrider.
If one had heard only of the Xianzhou natives' legend, or the tale of the Sangiske people, it would be impossible to arrive at the truth.
Truth often lies in seeing and listening to other perspectives. When one sees only what is in front of them, they are blind to the bigger picture.
Truth often lies in seeing and listening to other perspectives. When one sees only what is in front of them, they are blind to the bigger picture.
Hmm, it would seem that being a Nameless is also a tiresome and difficult pursuit... Oh! You should try the herbal tea I like to drink.
Have you tried any herbal tea that tastes good? It may not be as palatable as the drinks on the Express, but its efficacy is peerless.
Let me impart the recipe to you... This is a recipe I specifically acquired from the Alchemy Commission. It's best if you put it down on paper.
One tael of top-tier Hunter Maofeng tea, three maces of lunarescent lotus seeds, two maces of frost mulberries, one mace of shed crocbug skin, and a pinch of plant ash.
Then, add water and sugar until the water is so saturated that not a single grain of sugar can be dissolved further.
No, no — glucose can rapidly revitalize the brain. Furthermore, this recipe is quite bitter. Frankly, the tea is hard to swallow unless it has that much sugar...
You should at least try making one cup. If you don't like the flavor... then it must be the sugar. I'll bring some Xianzhou powdered sugar next time.
You should at least try making one cup. If you don't like the flavor... then it must be the sugar. I'll bring some Xianzhou powdered sugar next time.
The sudden catastrophe that the Luofu suffered was unrelated to the Astral Express, yet your Crew gallantly provided assistance and helped us through this trial. The Astral Express has helped us so much, but I still haven't managed to thank you.
It just happens that I heard a merchant guild recently imported some premium precious stones, and I proceeded to acquire them. I would like to gift them to you today to show my gratitude.
It is said that nothing is as impeccable as green jadeite, and nothing is as pure as white jade. These precious stones are a fitting gift for you.
It is said that nothing is as impeccable as green jadeite, and nothing is as pure as white jade. These precious stones are a fitting gift for you.
Silence! Idle chatter is not permitted in the Divination Commission!
It doesn't matter what you call me — I am the master of the Divination Commission.
The current divination has reached a delicate stage, and no one is permitted to disturb it — not even a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission or a guest from the Astral Express!
Qingque! I have grown weary of your insubordination! Are you the one who brought these outsiders into the Commission? Have you turned a deaf ear to all the rules I've laid down?
Qingque, you are hereby expelled from the Commission!
"Clouding my mind"? I've never been of clearer mind than I am right now.
From now on, I will dedicate myself to divining the predetermined futures of the Xianzhou Alliance, and will make these futures known to the world so that all can live in clarity.
I know what you want to say. Spare me the lecture on "human wisdom prevailing over nature" and those ridiculous notions of "free will"... These are but crude illusions created by the brain. From the beginning, there was only one path.
What day you boarded the Express, who your enemies are, where you go... These choices that you think you make freely of your own accord are mere tributaries... that will eventually converge on the path of destiny.
Your journey to the Xianzhou, the defeat of Phantylia — all these were written into a script long ago by that slave to destiny, hidden in the shadows.
Even in this very moment, your options are few: Ready your bat and charge at me, argue with me loudly and futilely, or fall into silence.
The rise and fall of the tides are dictated by the fire trigram and the water trigram — you are powerless against such a force. You have no hope of defeating me.
Come back to me when you've thought it through.
Come back to me when you've thought it through.
Such trivial choices cannot change the inevitable.
If you're still not convinced, I can demonstrate to you the true nature of destiny — in a way that your human brain can comprehend.
Then follow me.
If you have gained clarity on the true nature of destiny, you may leave... and stop interfering with my divinations!
I... I'm fine. Just a small headache, nothing more.
Is that... Keralum? Hmph, they may not be the most powerful fragment, but becoming entangled in their illusion can lead to endless despair.
Qingque, thanks to you, the Divination Commission is safe again.
I see... What a pity, I don't recall anything I may or may not have said while possessed by the heliobus.
In any case, Qingque, why are you still here? Shouldn't you be on duty back at the repository?
Of course I can. After all, there are always choices in life. You taught me that.
My actions today brought great shame on the Divination Commission...
Yes, all is well, minus my headache...
Hmm, I shall have to think of a way to keep her from talking... Hehe, just kidding.
I must express my sincere gratitude to all of you for your help.
Apologies, but the Divination Commission is in disarray at the moment. I must return and set things in order — I'm afraid I cannot see you off in person.
What is it?
Mm, I agree that "Master Diviner Gets Possessed" wouldn't make for a good headline...
I don't care how you spin the story, so long as you leave my name and identity out of it.
I have many things to attend to — please allow me to save my thanks for another day.
Venting your anger is meaningless.
Anger cannot change that which is already ordained by destiny.
All offense, no defense. Is that your strategy?
Your attacks won't land on me — only on these innocent puppets.
But you're probably thinking: "humans are not machines, there is more than one path in the universe!"
And yet machines we are — complex, sophisticated, but machines.
We are just like the ingenium in this maze — we have no options to speak of... We can only navigate one path — the one that takes us to our destination.
Let's begin. Lead the ingenium to the exit. Show me how many choices destiny gives you.
Well done. Your choices are as the omniscia foresaw them. You should know that there was only one answer to this puzzle from the beginning, just as destiny has only one path!
Qingque, Qingque... For you, life may have a seemingly infinite number of choices. That is because your choices are simply different ways of slacking off and wasting time — they are of no consequence to anything... but for me, choices come with very real consequences.
As the Master Diviner of the Luofu, I have a heavy responsibility. I must comb through the complex threads of destiny day after day, all for the preservation of this giant ship.
Some paths look promising, but lead to an abyss of despair. Then there are small trails that plunge deep into unimaginable darkness. And in the end...
...I realized that we have no real choices. There is only one path to follow, only one way to the optimal solution, even if it is paved with ashes and bitterness.
There is only one way — and there only ever was.
However long you want to play this game, and whatever tricks you try to pull, I'll happily play along.
Use your "free will" to guide the ingenium out of the sandbox.
Destiny only has one path. Your choices are just a predetermined solution to the puzzle.
Again? Do it all over again, exactly as it was? You can try it a million times over, and a million times over it is doomed to the same fate — because there is only one path.
Hehe, I see what you're thinking, Qingque... you're an interesting one.
Ready to begin?
...Hahahaha... you think that by calling on your companions for help, you created a new path out of thin air?
You're just playing with semantics. I could weave a thousand routes for you, but they lead to the same destination — so what significance is there in having a choice?
I'm Bailu, a doctor from the Alchemy Commission. Come here and let me have a look at you. Hmm... What's wrong? Where does it hurt?
Do you want candy? No? Then I'll have it.
Huh? I have to go back now...? Please, just a little a bit longer!
Do I even count as a dragon? ...What kind of a dragon can't step out of her own house, and has to obey the rules of the clan? I'd say I'm more like a fish in a fishbowl!
Lunch is like medicine — it has to have the right balance of ingredients. Two smoked patties and a cup of milk tea is a great way to heal your heart and lift your spirits!
Study medicine, find herbs, and broaden my horizons. Everything can be used as a medicine. The rarer a disease is, the bolder the prescription must be~
There's only one ailment that I can't cure, and that. Is. Being. Short... Hmph!
Putting my head in the water, and though it is a small area, I feel I can breathe freer than before, far beyond the boundaries of the water...
A patient told me that the Garden of Gourmet released a new dessert called Fallen From the Skies. The sugar threads are suuuper looong... But I can't get my hands on it.
The general comes to me with ailments such as "too tired to stay awake," and then he just asks how I've been and leaves after sitting around for a while. Sometimes he doesn't even take any medicine from me...
Whenever Diviner Fu does overtime, we start running out of sugar powder for the medicinal eye-soothing tea...
Helm Master Yukong... She says she lets everything go everytime she sees me, but I don't think she has.
Tingyun can endure more intense massages than other people, so I never show her mercy~
Ah, even if I don't step outside, I can still hear her. "Be eager to help those in need" — that's her, right?
I just wish I met the inventor of Celestial Jade earlier... This activity is great for both physical and mental health! It needs to get popularized!
Well... Um... Whenever I run off to play in Exalting Sanctum, I always bump into her and Sushang — they're usually in need of medical assistance... Sometimes Sushang is carrying her, sometimes she's carrying Sushang... and sometimes they're both in bad shape. How come? Performing arts can be dangerous, I guess.
I ran into her on a dark night once — she scared me half to death! Overworked, chronic insomnia, emotional turmoil — all the signs are there. If you ask me, she'd need to take it easy for a few decades to show any signs of recovery.
She's always so jumpy and tense at her appointments, and I swear she talks to herself... o—or something we can't see. I should give her something stronger to calm her nerves.
Wh—Why does it seem like she doesn't have to breathe? And her skin — why is it cold to the touch? It's like there's no blood running through her veins... Could she be... a ghost?
The life of the Vidyadhara is like a dream.
Hehe, my healing skills are second to none!
I've mastered the art of healing... but not the art of growing taller...
Hmph, if I was bigger, I could've explored the whole galaxy by now.
 Don't worry — if anything happens, I'll just put you back together.
 Don't worry — if anything happens, I'll just put you back together.
What's that, Master Diviner? Internal heat again? You need to start putting more sugar in your tea.
Dan Heng! Teach me some more high elder magic!
Dan Heng! Teach me some more high elder magic!
Ha, you don't look so good.
Calm down or you'll overheat!
Looks like somebody needs a doctor!
Standing here in silence, missing all the violence~
Look, listen, feel, kick!
Say "ahhhh!"
You bully!
Help me!
Time to show you...
What's in your... prescription!
Your treatment's not done yet!
Where's a doctor when you need one...
Can't give up on my therapies just yet.
Look lively!
A little something for everyone!
I told you they were sick.
If it works, it's good medicine.
Take these and pay me back with more sugar!
Gotta tell good remedies from bad.
Careful — this is life or death.
Come on, can't we stay out a little longer?
Let me tend to your wounds!
Gotta get those vitamins.
Hmm... Are any of these medicinal?
Hehe⁓ A healer knows a little something about everything!
I'm Bailu, a doctor from the Alchemy Commission. Come here and let me have a look at you. Hmm... What's wrong? Where does it hurt?
Do you want candy? No? Then I'll have it.
Huh? I have to go back now...? Please, just a little a bit longer!
Do I even count as a dragon? ...What kind of a dragon can't step out of her own house, and has to obey the rules of the clan? I'd say I'm more like a fish in a fishbowl!
Lunch is like medicine — it has to have the right balance of ingredients. Two smoked patties and a cup of milk tea is a great way to heal your heart and lift your spirits!
Study medicine, find herbs, and broaden my horizons. Everything can be used as a medicine. The rarer a disease is, the bolder the prescription must be~
There's only one ailment that I can't cure, and that. Is. Being. Short... Hmph!
Putting my head in the water, and though it is a small area, I feel I can breathe freer than before, far beyond the boundaries of the water...
A patient told me that the Garden of Gourmet released a new dessert called Fallen From the Skies. The sugar threads are suuuper looong... But I can't get my hands on it.
The general comes to me with ailments such as "too tired to stay awake," and then he just asks how I've been and leaves after sitting around for a while. Sometimes he doesn't even take any medicine from me...
Whenever Diviner Fu does overtime, we start running out of sugar powder for the medicinal eye-soothing tea...
Helm Master Yukong... She says she lets everything go everytime she sees me, but I don't think she has.
Tingyun can endure more intense massages than other people, so I never show her mercy~
Ah, even if I don't step outside, I can still hear her. "Be eager to help those in need" — that's her, right?
I just wish I met the inventor of Celestial Jade earlier... This activity is great for both physical and mental health! It needs to get popularized!
Well... Um... Whenever I run off to play in Exalting Sanctum, I always bump into her and Sushang — they're usually in need of medical assistance... Sometimes Sushang is carrying her, sometimes she's carrying Sushang... and sometimes they're both in bad shape. How come? Performing arts can be dangerous, I guess.
I ran into her on a dark night once — she scared me half to death! Overworked, chronic insomnia, emotional turmoil — all the signs are there. If you ask me, she'd need to take it easy for a few decades to show any signs of recovery.
She's always so jumpy and tense at her appointments, and I swear she talks to herself... o—or something we can't see. I should give her something stronger to calm her nerves.
Wh—Why does it seem like she doesn't have to breathe? And her skin — why is it cold to the touch? It's like there's no blood running through her veins... Could she be... a ghost?
The life of the Vidyadhara is like a dream.
Hehe, my healing skills are second to none!
I've mastered the art of healing... but not the art of growing taller...
Hmph, if I was bigger, I could've explored the whole galaxy by now.
 Don't worry — if anything happens, I'll just put you back together.
 Don't worry — if anything happens, I'll just put you back together.
What's that, Master Diviner? Internal heat again? You need to start putting more sugar in your tea.
Dan Heng! Teach me some more high elder magic!
Dan Heng! Teach me some more high elder magic!
Ha, you don't look so good.
Calm down or you'll overheat!
Looks like somebody needs a doctor!
Standing here in silence, missing all the violence~
Look, listen, feel, kick!
Say "ahhhh!"
You bully!
Help me!
Time to show you...
What's in your... prescription!
Your treatment's not done yet!
Where's a doctor when you need one...
Can't give up on my therapies just yet.
Look lively!
A little something for everyone!
I told you they were sick.
If it works, it's good medicine.
Take these and pay me back with more sugar!
Gotta tell good remedies from bad.
Careful — this is life or death.
Come on, can't we stay out a little longer?
Let me tend to your wounds!
Gotta get those vitamins.
Hmm... Are any of these medicinal?
Hehe⁓ A healer knows a little something about everything!
I'm Bailu, a doctor from the Alchemy Commission. Come here and let me have a look at you. Hmm... What's wrong? Where does it hurt?
Do you want candy? No? Then I'll have it.
Huh? I have to go back now...? Please, just a little a bit longer!
Do I even count as a dragon? ...What kind of a dragon can't step out of her own house, and has to obey the rules of the clan? I'd say I'm more like a fish in a fishbowl!
Lunch is like medicine — it has to have the right balance of ingredients. Two smoked patties and a cup of milk tea is a great way to heal your heart and lift your spirits!
Study medicine, find herbs, and broaden my horizons. Everything can be used as a medicine. The rarer a disease is, the bolder the prescription must be~
There's only one ailment that I can't cure, and that. Is. Being. Short... Hmph!
Putting my head in the water, and though it is a small area, I feel I can breathe freer than before, far beyond the boundaries of the water...
A patient told me that the Garden of Gourmet released a new dessert called Fallen From the Skies. The sugar threads are suuuper looong... But I can't get my hands on it.
The general comes to me with ailments such as "too tired to stay awake," and then he just asks how I've been and leaves after sitting around for a while. Sometimes he doesn't even take any medicine from me...
Whenever Diviner Fu does overtime, we start running out of sugar powder for the medicinal eye-soothing tea...
Helm Master Yukong... She says she lets everything go everytime she sees me, but I don't think she has.
Tingyun can endure more intense massages than other people, so I never show her mercy~
Ah, even if I don't step outside, I can still hear her. "Be eager to help those in need" — that's her, right?
I just wish I met the inventor of Celestial Jade earlier... This activity is great for both physical and mental health! It needs to get popularized!
Well... Um... Whenever I run off to play in Exalting Sanctum, I always bump into her and Sushang — they're usually in need of medical assistance... Sometimes Sushang is carrying her, sometimes she's carrying Sushang... and sometimes they're both in bad shape. How come? Performing arts can be dangerous, I guess.
I ran into her on a dark night once — she scared me half to death! Overworked, chronic insomnia, emotional turmoil — all the signs are there. If you ask me, she'd need to take it easy for a few decades to show any signs of recovery.
She's always so jumpy and tense at her appointments, and I swear she talks to herself... o—or something we can't see. I should give her something stronger to calm her nerves.
Wh—Why does it seem like she doesn't have to breathe? And her skin — why is it cold to the touch? It's like there's no blood running through her veins... Could she be... a ghost?
...That'll teach you a lesson. Ready to lie down now?
However, these Cloud Knights were already sick, and now they're injured too. I've gotta bandage up their wounds, realign their bones... Ugh, as if I didn't have enough on my plate!
I get it — you think because I'm small I must be a runaway child.
I've been studying the art of healing ever since I cast off my old shell! You're looking at a recognized, practicing, dedicated doctor.
Things haven't been very peaceful on the Luofu recently. Make sure you don't—
Ha, do you have any idea how many people on the Luofu are waiting for an appointment with me? You should count this as a blessing!
If I hadn't left my purse at home, I wouldn't have to...
Ahem, enough of that. I have patients to see.
I don't have a dad.
I don't have a mom either.
...To start your next journey... That's great. *sigh* I can't wait to escape the Commission again...
Oh, make sure you come visit! Next time you're here, we'll put my plan into action...
I've got it all figured out. We sneak out, head over to Aurum Alley, and pig out on the snacks there!
...Hmph, I know all the best places, — you'll be lost without me.
Mm-hmm, it's a deal.
Aaaand don't forget to come see me if you get any headaches, fever, tendon pain, joint pain — anything! My treatment is on the house!
Remember to come and see me!
I was only tending to the sick! Besides, you weren't even here just now... Where did you go?
Hmph, I only escaped — I—I mean LEFT the Alchemy Commission for an official medical visit! There's nothing more to it, okay!? The nurse here can vouch for me!
Ugh, then don't scare me like that... Ah, wait a minute — I've seen you before.
You two, stop arguing! I think there's someone from the Alchemy Commission over there...
You — help us hide first! We'll talk later!
Coming!
Help us get rid of him, please! We'll have plenty of time to talk later.
Nobody home.
You're back! Does that mean we're safe now?
Dealt with...? Does that mean we're safe now?
We're coming out.
What happened? That man wanted to catch me and take me back to the Alchemy Commission, right? I knew it!
Huh? Why were they looking for Miss Banxia? That can't be right, they must've been looking for me.
Aren't they those crazy followers that worship the mara-struck and the Plagues Author? But Banxia's nothing like them... She... wanted me to treat the mara-struck.
The handwriting on this prescription is exactly the same as on the one you gave to me...
Banxia... are you really from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus? Hmph, you're a liar! A great big liar!
Ugh... Treating wounds and diseases is one thing, but curing the evils of humanity...? There I was thinking someone helped me escape the Alchemy Commission because they genuinely wanted to help me.
Hmph, enough. Being angry will stunt my growth... Let's put this behind us.
I don't know much. If it weren't for those scrolls in the Alchemy Commission's Elixir Research Terrace, I doubt anyone in the Xianzhou would've heard of them.
A long time ago, even by the standards of long-life species, the Xianzhou eliminated an organization that worshiped the "Plagues Author."
Why were they eliminated? Because they held an incredibly dangerous notion.
Xianzhou people wanted to be released from the threat of mara and return to the stability of life and death. Yet the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus believed that being stricken with mara was a blessing — a natural evolutionary step in casting off the mortal coil.
Sounds great, right? Well, only if you think becoming a monster devoid of all humanity is a good thing. That's why the Cloud Knights and Ten-Lords Commission cooperated to eliminate the organization.
But just because you can't see something doesn't mean it isn't there. It's like eradicating a sickness — easier to do when the symptoms are visible. In hindsight, not only did the Disciples endure, they expanded the organization in secret.
The people of the Xianzhou have asked themselves that question thousands of times.
Countless doctors and sages have dedicated their lives to researching a cure for the curse. Tragically, besides a few theories, no one has come to a definite conclusion.
In truth, nobody in this world can fully comprehend the curse of the Plagues Author.
Some doctors believe that because the people of the Xianzhou have immortal bodies, their memories accumulate until no more can be stored in the brain.
Only the most vivid and extreme memories persist... but such memories are usually ones of regret, hatred, grief, and other negative emotions.
That's when the symptoms of being stricken with mara begin to show. But the physical changes are the most terrifying...
When symptoms strike, the mara-struck are quickly taken away by the spiritfarers and judges of the Ten-Lords Commission. I just want to reduce their suffering and let them leave with dignity...
But the people of the Realm-Keeping Commission do have a point...
How should I know? It's not like commission members walk around with "Disciple of Sanctus Medicus" on their foreheads.
You've been nice to me, but you shouldn't have kept me in the dark. I hate when grownups hide secrets and only tell you half the story — it's such a headache.
Hmph, she hid everything from me... but I promised her I'd save her beloved.
After all these years, I'm still not used to seeing people suffer.
Banxia, tell us what you want to do next.
Shh!
Banxia, your symptoms are getting worse... I have some soothing tonic in my gourd. Would you like some before we set off?
You know that's one of the Xianzhou's Ten Unpardonable Sins, right?
...They were turning humans into monsters, weren't they...
Hey!
You help me escape the Alchemy Commission, I save your sweetheart.
This is bad. She's starting to lose touch with reality.
The soothing tonic might not work anymore. This calls for... shock treatment!
...Try not to move, Banxia.
Nurse! Get a hold of yourself!
Doctor's orders!
Hey, we've got company, remember!?
...Are you talking about jade abacuses? We escaped the Alchemy Commission in a hurry — didn't have time to bring them.
Leave the patient to me — I'm the Healer Lady of the Alchemy Commission, after all!
What's Liangmu like?
Tell me, what do you remember...
Stay still... this ointment will help.
Sorry, I don't quite understand this feeling.
I... It's true I was born with a gift for healing... but as for whether I like it or not, I couldn't tell you.
I've been studying medicine for as long as I can remember. Nobody's ever asked me whether I like it. Those old Vidyadhara fools don't care, and neither do I.
Treating others is like eating and drinking for me. I don't have any feeling towards it. If I had to choose, I think I'd say I hate it...
But I like it when someone gets better after I treat them! So you need to pull yourself together!
What happened? Did you find any clues?
...
I caught sight of a lot of disciples in the area just now.
...Does one traitor require so many people?
Ugh, he isn't waiting for us here. Did he hide somewhere else?
Blah, blah, blah — I've heard enough out of you already! If it's a beating you want, allow me to do the honors!
(This Ten-Lords Commission judge packs a punch! But Banxia, you—)
H—Help us, Miss Judge! We only just managed to escape before the delves were locked down... Those evil men have been chasing us — this nurse is so scared she can barely stand!
That's the strangest judge I've ever come across... Banxia, are you alright?
...Let's go this way and see if we can avoid those Cloud Knights.
There are Cloud Knights and Disciples of Sanctus Medicus over there.
But there are Cloud Knights stationed there... Wait, I have an idea.
Hey! Don't cause a commotion or the judge will be on our case again for sure!
Cloud Knights are well-disciplined — you'll just get yourself arrested.
We don't have time for storytelling...
...Didn't we pass some soldiers resting on the way over here? Y'know, the place where the Cloud Knights and Disciples of Sanctus Medicus fought...
You said it, not me!
Hmm, a spot of emergency treatment in exchange for some armor. Sounds fair to me!
Just tell them you're soldiers guiding me back to the Alchemy Commission — they won't know any better!
No, no! I haven't finished playing yet! I don't wanna go back to the Alchemy Commission!
I still wanna play! I'm hungry! Don't take me back — I don't wanna go back! I'm not going back!
Quick, we've passed through the sentry post, let's change back into our clothes.
How was that? Wasn't my acting amazing? Let me tell you, a performance like that requires a lot of temper-tantrum practice!
Uh-huh!
Hey!
If I hadn't pretended to cry, you wouldn't have got through the sentry post.
By the way, what's taking Banxia so long...?
But she still has her senses.
Don't thank me! It's my fault... I couldn't preserve you the way you were.
What should I do? Serious imbalances of yin and yang, cold and heat...
Stop calling it a deal! I made a promise — I'll heal him. Don't worry...
Enough talk. Here, I'll pour the medicine through the helmet.
We've arrived. Is he not here either?
But you already...
I remember.
Oh no! Let's hurry over.
...
Do you think she saw him one last time?
I hope so...
Grownups are complicated, huh...
Let's keep heading in this direction until we find him.
That's right. I'm here to heal you.
Stop trying to scare him! It won't help the situation.
I'm Bailu. Banxia sent me to heal you.
It's true. She had to disguise herself in order to meet you.
Miss Banxia... she...
I promised Banxia... that I'd heal you for her.
...Strange things are happening on the Luofu these days... What happened to you isn't so surprising.
Hey! I know you're probably in shock, but—
S—Search for what?
...
...
Heal...
Let me heal you so I never have to lay eyes on you again!
...I promised Banxia.
SHUT! YOUR! MOUTH!
And move away from Banxia, now!
SHUT! YOUR! MOUTH!
Great idea! Seeing as I'm due to heal him anyway... Do your worst!
Ugh! I'm so furious!
That wouldn't do — I made a promise to Banxia.
I healed him... but for the next thirty years he'll hiccup uncontrollably every day.
...What? He deserved it!
Hmph, that's the price he paid for my lenience. And it still wasn't enough!
*sigh* Anyway, do you know any good hiding places? I'm still on the run...
Hmm, the Xianzhou is still in a mess. I better stay in Starskiff Haven for the time being — I'm sure there'll be fevers and headaches to take care of before long.
Banxia asked me if I liked treating people... Like I said, it's as easy as eating and drinking for me — I don't like or dislike it...
...but this whole incident has made me wish I knew more about the mara-struck...
We didn't tell him the truth. Was that really the right thing to do?
It's hard to decide sometimes.
Really? A great person once told me that a person's life is made up of regrets.
*sigh* Anyway, do you know any good hiding places? I'm still on the run...
Hmm, the Xianzhou is still in a mess. I better stay in Starskiff Haven for the time being — I'm sure there'll be fevers and headaches to take care of before long.
Banxia asked me if I liked treating people... Like I said, it's as easy as eating and drinking for me — I don't like or dislike it...
...but this whole incident has made me wish I knew more about the mara-struck...
I regret that I didn't set off with Banxia earlier... She begged me for a long time.
I think I still owe the owner about 600 strales in unpaid food bills...
No! The Realm-Keeping Commission people are polite, but they're always lecturing me.
Express... What's that?
*sigh* So slow. I've been waiting for you here for aaaages.
An assassin!? Are you okay? Are you injured?
Hmph, I don't care about my legitimacy — why do they? I told you, whoever wants to be the High Elder is welcome. I never wanted the title.
You're Dan Heng? I heard about how you parted the ancient sea in Scalegorge Waterscape. These assassins have got their work cut out for them.
Let me take a look at you... Dragon horns. Well, they say you're Dan Feng's reincarnation. I suppose it must be true, then? But you're different from me — where's your tail?
If I let you be High Elder, will you grow a tail?
Oh, really? Then why did you come to see me? All I've learned since my hatching rebirth are some medical skills at the Alchemy Commission — I can't repair seals or part the sea like you can.
Hmm, interesting... You're not like other grown-ups. You say what you think, and you seem trustworthy. So, you want me to go with you to Scalegorge Waterscape?
Let's go then.
Huanxi, please wait here for me. I'll come back as soon as I can. I've got these two to look after me — don't worry.
...Wowwww, what a magnificent sight! Is that the Ambrosial Arbor?
News to me. The elders must be well aware that I'm not qualified for this position.
Which begs the question... why did Dan Feng choose me all those years ago?
So in medical terms — he messed up the prescription... and brought suffering down on himself and just about everyone else in the process.
What's going on? You look terrible.
"Shun the tree's growth, the residual plague..."
"Water of the ancient sea, upon High Elder's command, subdue the eternal roots."
This feeling...
Umm... it was like a tide surging through my mind. I became really, really, huge, and the whole of Scalegorge Waterscape was responding to my voice — resonating with me.
Whew, that's fun. Dan Heng, teach me another trick. Let's see if I can remember anything else.
Hey, I'm doing the protecting here! Nobody's getting hurt with me around!
How did they manage to appear right next to us without a sound?
Look — look at that shadow... Could it be an assassin?
Another invisible assassin?
The books say that these mirages only speak to people they can recognize, and the water on their bodies can be used as medicine!
...I don't like this Mirage Echo.
He thought that the Vidyadhara was superior to other races and that he was superior to other Vidyadhara... As if the Vidyadhara would never progress without their plans.
I guess Dan Feng probably never told them the secret of the Transmutation Arcanum...
Sorry, I'm sorry! I won't do it again!
...Wait, I remember that voice. That's the old chief alchemist. So she's... been reborn?
O—Okay.
...W—Wait, no! You're just a Mirage Echo. Ugh, I got tricked again!
...What does she mean by that?
Dan Heng, is this the price we pay for bearing the power of the High Elder? Carrying the weight of all these expectations, all this hatred...
You said those assassins only came for Mr. Dan Heng... But the ones we met in the ruins were coming for me instead.
General! Did you bring reinforcements?
I always felt useless in the eyes of the elders — a false dragon who failed to inherit the power of the High Elder...
...and today I realized — they'll use any means of removing me.
Thank you, general. I'd like to talk more with Dan Heng first.
The Vidyadhara have neither parents nor family members. Once born, a teacher is assigned to instruct the young Vidyadhara in the art of cloudhymn, as well as various life skills.
...Dan Heng, did you have a teacher like that?
As far back as I can remember, I've had the Preceptors and Alchemy Commission healers telling me what to do. "Cure diseases, save lives..." I don't know if that counts as "teaching..."
You know something? It feels like you're the teacher I've been waiting for. "Virtuous in the past life, master in the next life..." Perhaps we were friends or disciples in our previous incarnations.
You mean the power to repair the seal? The power you taught me?
In that case, Dan Feng probably had a gentle side to him too, right?
Hmm... We should head back to the Healer's Market, I have other things to do today. Let's go.
Seems like none of the Mirage Echoes realize that they've already been reborn...
I never knew the Vidyadhara had believers in the Plagues Author among their ranks...
Yuanli? Is that you? I thought something must have happened to you.
...Yuanli, don't worry. I never told anyone about my dreams.
Yes. So long.
...Yes.
Let's keep going.
It's okay, I'm a healer from the Alchemy Commission — I'm here to save you.
Wondering about what?
Shape-shifting? But my tail can move, discharge electricity, feel pain...
What took you so long? What kind of package is it?
There's a letter inside! Help me open it.
...Ya!
That Liangmu is a complete scumbag — he never cared about Banxia! He only wanted to use her to get to the elixir of immortality... Why couldn't Banxia see it?
Right... because if we'd known, it'd be in the trash by now.
Yeah, you're right.
That jerk better run as far as his legs will carry him! Ugh, I regret healing him so much now.
...And it makes me even angrier to think that Miss Banxia might've known what he was like to begin with, but stayed with him all the same.
Grownups are so complicated! I don't understand, and I don't want to understand.
Dan Heng!? What a surprise! Are you not feeling well? Please, come this way.
Oh, I see. Are you here for your eyes? Or is it something else?
Those symptoms... don't sound like my area of expertise.
Bah, who cares. The healers of the Alchemy Commission don't get to pick and choose their patients. Give me your hand — we'll start by checking your pulse. You'll need to take some translucence worms so I can take a closer look.
Please wait. Dan Heng, can I speak to you for a minute?
Your friend here has a very peculiar "condition."
Her pulse is extremely faint... Normally, this would mean that she...
Ah-ba-ba-ba... Let the healer make the professional diagnosis!
Your friend's situation is unique. She looks healthy, but her hands are cold as ice. It feels like there's a dark current running and pulsing between her core esse and her veins.
I've never seen anything like it. With more research, I might be able to make a new entry in the medical records. Can you and your friend come back for follow-up visits?
What a shame. If she could stay for a few days, I might be able to figure out how to cure her.
Talk about not judging a book by its cover — she looks so kind and elegant... How could she be a criminal? Meh, not my concern.
...I'll do my best. No matter what I administer, she's gonna need to drink a ton of warm water from this point on.
Come with me, I'll prescribe her some soul-returning vitality infusion. It won't cure her, but it'll... Wait... where did my big medicine box go?
I'm sorry, ever since the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus were expelled, things have been a mess around here.
Dan Heng, you mind coming with me to retrieve my medicine? I could use your skills.
N—No, no... No trouble at all...
Emm...
Hmm, I can smell the herbs. It's around here somewhere.
Hey! Give me back my medicine box!
Argh, that thing runs so fast! Don't let it get away!
Ahhhh! There's an even bigger monster protecting this one!
When did so many creatures start visiting the Alchemy Commission?
So this is why your hands are so cold.
This cold isn't something normal flesh could withstand...
Alright, let me make sure nothing's missing... Excellent, the calming-valerian and qi-strengthening infusions are here. Let's head back — never make a patient wait too long.
Apologies again for the delay. This prescription won't cure you, but it will nourish your body and calm your mind.
You're... mara-struck? I don't see the symptoms in you at all. What with the incident on the Luofu, I've treated a number of mara-stricken patients recently. They all presented with signs of incoherence, delirium, or frightening physical mutations.
You don't seem to have any of that...
I see — so, you've learned to live with your illness. I can't help much with issues of the spirit, but the medical records do mention that calming the mind is a way to heal the body. If you're able to forget about the past, there might be a chance for your symptoms to regress.
Bandages? That's a vague description, y'know... I'm not sure. We get injured patients from all over the Xianzhou for treatment, and the number of injuries we see has skyrocketed since the Ambrosial Arbor crisis.
Hmm... Oh! Yes, someone came by today that matches that description!
He must've suffered some kind of sword wound — he had a strong scent of blood... though from the way he behaved, it must have been fairly minor. He didn't even take the medicine I prescribed.
Hehe, now that I've made it this far, the Alchemy Commission and the Seat of Divine Foresight have no chance of catching me...
A—Alchemy Commission!?
It was you who invited me. Why you gotta scare me like that? Honestly...
Hey, how about you tell me when the Express is departing?
The conductor? You mean that cuddly-looking creature, right? The one that's shorter than me if you don't count the hat?
Judging by how bored they look, my guess is we won't be leaving any time soon.
What!? Does that mean the general knows I'm trying to escape on the Astral Express?
This won't do — you guys need to stop waltzing around and get us out of here!
Don't misunderstand — I don't wanna leave the Luofu forever... at least not right now.
I just wanted to head out early and get back early...
...I don't wanna give the Alchemy Commission time to discover my itinerary, that's all.
Now that I think of it, the Express really would make a good secret base.
Anyway, thanks for the invitation, I really like it here~
Hehe, they better be... or I won't be coming back!
Doesn't matter how much the Alchemy Commission racks its brain, they'll never guess where I've gone.
Now that I think of it, the Express really would make a good secret base.
Anyway, thanks for the invitation, I really like it here~
Hehe, they better be... or I won't be coming back!
I've heard patients say that interstellar travelers are prone to sudden illness if they're on the road for too long.
That's why I brought you all some emergency medication — I've given it to the conductor.
Hehe, can't do without medicine. It's always better to be prepared.
Yeah, yeah, the conductor mentioned, but it never hurts to have more than you need, right?
Having stocks is one thing, but knowing a medicine's usage and application is another. I briefed the conductor on the instructions!
How can you not! Pom-Pom's so cute!
Pom-Pom listened to the instructions very carefully — they must be a very capable conductor.
In fact, I miss chatting to Pom-Pom already. How about I bring some more of that emergency medicine again next time?
Hmm, you might be right... What else does Pom-Pom like?
I guess... Oh, the conductor likes plants, right? That's a great topic for next time~
I've been cultivating medicinal herbs in the Forbidden Residence's rear courtyard. I'm becoming quite the expert.
The conductor really likes plants, right? That's a great topic for next time~
Just let me think about what to pack...
Do you have tuskpir wraps here?
I'm asking about tuskpir wraps!
They sell them in Starskiff Haven, but there's no time to go there now.
Never mind, I'm sure there'll be other things I like. Do you have Yellow Boulder Cheese Fries here?
Himeko's coffee? I tried it when I came aboard the Express — yuck! Tastes like medicine.
...What about drinks? Puffergoat milk? Immortal's Delight?
I told you, I don't like it!
So there aren't ANY Xianzhou delicacies on the Express? Ugh, forget about escaping the Luofu — I formally resign from my post as resident doctor on the Express...
Great! I'll help — you'll love what I've got in mind.
I really can't survive without Xianzhou delicacies.
Tuskpir wraps, Yellow Boulder Cheese Fries, puffergoat milk, and Immortal's Delight aside, I also miss Garlic-infused Pork, Crisped Melon and Diced Chicken, Granny Chen's Tofu, Purple Taro with Pork, Fresh Milk Stir Fry, and Braised Prawns...
...Did the conductor just lick their lips?
Even speaking about all this is making me hungry...
Do you think I'm taller? I swear I've grown a smidge.
That's good. I knew I'd gotten taller.
You've gotta be kidding me?
I don't believe you! I've definitely grown taller.
I passed through the Jade Gate on my way to the Astral Express. The Jade Gate makes you weightless, and weightlessness can make people grow taller!
Gravity means down, growing means up! As long as I keep visiting the Astral Express, I'm bound to grow taller.
Wait a minute... I just thought of something. Does your conductor ever grow taller?
Ah! No, no — I need to believe in myself!
Great! If Pom-Pom can, then so can I!
I just thought of something. Does your conductor ever grow taller?
...A—Are you sure?
No, no — I need to believe in myself!
Great! If Pom-Pom can, then so can I!
I don't know why, but since I left the Express, I started having dreams.
I dreamed about travel. I must've been locked away too long...
I remember I was really high up...
Ugh, it's not what you think! I wasn't dreaming about getting taller...
...I was dreaming about flying!
*sigh* You're right, I dreamed I was flying after all.
Nope. I was super high up — how could I see you from up there?
I can go wherever I want in my dreams — I'm completely free... almost makes me envious of myself.
...Needless to say, someone woke me up, as always.
Thanks! I feel like I've got some lined up.
Even though I can go wherever I want in my dreams, I always feel a bit empty when I wake up.
...My dreams are happy, so why do I always end up crying when they're over?
I don't get it... never mind...
I was just looking for you, and here you are.
The Xianzhou has a type of medicinal stone that can be ground into a fine powder and mixed with water. Drinking it calms the nerves and warms the lungs.
There are also beautiful stones that can bring soothing happiness just by being around them.
Here, take these~
Hehe, here you go.
But you opened your pockets...
Ah! Don't be so polite, take them!
That's more like it, now don't say no again!
If you ever have any unusual ailments, come find me. This Healer Lady is guaranteed to get to the bottom of them.
If you ever have any unusual ailments, come find me. This Healer Lady is guaranteed to get to the bottom of them.
A new arrival like you should get a tour guide!
Mm-hm, as a renowned doctor, I regularly go out for street food. A—After I'm done treating my patients, that is! Anyway, basically I'm an expert on all the culinary delights the Xianzhou has to offer, so... Ugh, hire me as your tour guide already!
Yeah, so what? I go out all the time to see patients, so I know the food establishments around here like the back of my hand. I'm the best tour guide around!
...Eh-he, was it that obvious...?
But the more the merrier, right? I go out all the time to see patients, so I know the food establishments around here like the back of my hand. I'm the best tour guide you could hope for!
I won't charge anything for my services... except for food, of course!
And if you get into medical trouble — gastrointestinal discomfort, sprained ankle, yadi yada — you'll have a professional doctor right by your side! That's a two-in-one deal!
Wait, you've been to Exalting Sanctum before but you never visited Aurum Alley?
Really? You didn't have time to look around? What a pity...
Didn't know? There's lots to see around here!
Looks like you're in need of a professional tour guide!
Yeah, so what? I go out all the time to see patients, so I know the food establishments around here like the back of my hand. I'm the best tour guide around!
...Eh-he, was it that obvious...?
But the more the merrier, right? I go out all the time to see patients, so I know the food establishments around here like the back of my hand. I'm the best tour guide you could hope for!
I won't charge anything for my services... except for food, of course!
And if you get into medical trouble — gastrointestinal discomfort, sprained ankle, yadi yada — you'll have a professional doctor right by your side! That's a two-in-one deal!
...Eh-he, was it that obvious...?
But the more the merrier, right? I go out all the time to see patients, so I know the food establishments around here like the back of my hand. I'm the best tour guide you could hope for!
And if you get into medical trouble — gastrointestinal discomfort, sprained ankle, yadi yada — you'll have a professional doctor right by your side! That's a two-in-one deal!
It's called an "all-inclusive package."
Yay!
Yay!
Hurry up! Do you want the snacks to sell out!?
The folk dishes at Spices Supreme are a must-try. This is the only place on the Luofu you can find them.
So, now that we're here...
...Recommend? I think you mean: "I'd like to treat you to some Xianzhou delicacies."
Ooh! Garlic-infused Pork, Crisped Melon and Diced Chicken, Star Taro Braised Pork, Chili Oil Beef Offal Stew, Granny Chen's Tofu... Ugh, I'm getting tired saying them all! Reciting medicine ingredients is easier than this!
Let's start with the snack stands. You can browse around for bit — I'll go find us a seat while you make up your mind.
So, is there anything good?
Fantastic! Hey, how did you know my favorite food?
Great... but it looks like you only brought enough for one person... what am I supposed to do?
Alright, if you say so!
Yeah, I would feel bad asking for more, too.
...Hmph!
Thank you, Auntie!
Is there anything good?
Mung bean soda... Is this some sort of prank?
Okay — you drink it then.
No, no, no, you're our honored guest — you can drink it.
It's just like drinking medicine — close your eyes and cross your heart.
Huh!? W—Wait, Auntie, I—I'm not thirsty, please... *sigh* Thank you, Auntie...
*sigh* I'm so full of snacks I can hardly move. I haven't even gotten around to business yet.
I wanted to stop by Elegance Pagoda to buy some medicine jars while I'm out. Come on, let's go.
...How about we go see what's happening at the dock?
What if someone gets hurt and needs medical attention? Come on.
I agree.
Wait — easy! We just came to watch!
I agree.
Psst, what should she do?
...You're not being very helpful, are you?
So, is it true that the Merchant Guild can't pay back the lease?
Think about it this way — what if you succeed? We'd have free meals forever!
Geez, don't get too full of yourself...
Hey! What's gotten into you?
You don't need to keep a low profile anymore...
Ah... So no more Aurum Alley?
*sigh* I only came here for the food... I didn't expect to get tangled up in all this dock leasing stuff.
Still, if you're willing to give it a shot, maybe Aurum Alley doesn't have to disappear.
That's not true, I'm doing something right now — persuading you to help us! An admirable contribution.
So what!? Hmph, the food's the best bit... Aurum Alley without food would be like a pill without medicine... meaningless!
I knew you'd help us! A truly reliable friend!
Hey!
...Huh? Go consider some more, then!
So strange — saving Aurum Alley is a critical issue, but the president didn't even make an appearance...
Then why would they put you in charge of things at the dock...?
If that's the case, I can give them a check-up and prescribe some medicine.
Right on time to pay the bill!
Sushang told me all about what you did to help the shops in the Alley. Very impressive!
*sigh* I wish Spices Supreme would step up their game, though. It'd be a dream come true if I could order takeout from the Alchemy Commission.
Ah! There's finally hope for Spices Supreme takeout!
Wait a second! I'm not sure about that idea... If the elders find out, they'll say I'm tarnishing my image or something!
Happy to help.
What? You think I'm not popular enough?
Hmm, you have a point. Also, I'm not sure it's a good idea for the High Elder of the Vidyadhara to appear on takeout boxes...
Sign me up.
Leave it to me! About these visiographs — what do you need me to do?
Wh—What? I still get the free meals, right?
...I'm hungry.
Hurry up pleaaaase!
Meh, too generic...
...Did you just turn into a public service announcement?
Hey! You're trying to set the Commission on me...
Aurum Alley!
Very original.
Sounds like I'm not needed here...
Thanks for the reminder.
One slogan to rule them all.
You're out of ideas.
Are you trying to scare people away?
That's the only good news today!
Thanks! I'm starving!
They're asking us to play with them!
Run!
I should go surrender myself to those two medics — they were looking so hard to find me...
Huh? What is it?
Oh, I get it... We can't just tell the public that the Dragon Lady was possessed by a heliobus, right? So... we won't mention my name right? And we'll make up a headline?
Um... That's great and all, but I'm not good at making stuff up on the spot...
Okay, I'm going back now. Thanks for the rescue~
Luxie, they came here looking for me... It's starting to get dark, maybe it's time for me to go back now?
Hmm... you're right! Grown-ups break their promises, but we don't!
Okay! Make some right now!
Wow! Then what are we waiting for? Let's go!
Lemme go! I don't wanna be locked in here!
You're lying! I never had playmates. Today I finally found one, and you guys are trying to take them away...
Luxie, we said we'd never go back with the grown-ups! They break their promises, but we can't!
Luxie, how long before the next time we can play together?
I... everything's so fuzzy... Did I do something bad?
But... but... I made everyone chase after me for so long... I shouldn't have done that...
I was ready to apologize to everyone... but now you've made me forget what I wanted to say.
Hehe, alright, alright, I don't want everyone to feel too sorry for me... Hey, did you ever think about joining the Alchemy Commission as a psychotherapist?
Why do I have to live the way grown-ups do?
Grown-ups are always saying "study now and have fun later..."
...but the grown-ups I see at the Alchemy Commission never have time for fun!
Can't you just let me have some fun!?
Exactly!
Why do they always talk about things I don't understand!
I just wanna have fun!
Bailu is taking someone's pulse...
I am Jing Yuan, the general of the Luofu Cloud Knights.  There's no need for formality. "General" is a temporary title, and you can simply call me Jing Yuan.
Ah, you're here. If you have any interesting stories from your travels, do share them with me.
Mmm, rest well... My apologies. There is still some work to be done and I can't see you out personally.
My past enemies are either dead or captured, and my past friends are scattered to the winds. Now that I think about it, I am indeed an old man...
A master of the chessboard does not always make flashy moves. People take delight from one flashy move that saves the day, but never worry when the entire situation teeters towards a loss.
Outsiders perhaps like to abbreviate the Xianzhou Luofu as just Xianzhou, but... the Luofu is not the Xianzhou. The Luofu is the Luofu, no more, no less.
Meditating with my eyes closed. That gets more difficult as time goes on.
For all of my life, I've been scared of trouble. There are major troubles and minor ones, distant ones and close ones. They need plans, preparations, and all things that need effort...
This spirit is called Lightning-Wielding Thunder-Clapping Spirit-Squashing Lord. It's a name I read from an ancient text, but it's too long to remember, so I just abbreviate it to the Lightning... Lord.
I have been bound by mundane duties for years. Not only do I find no fun in my surroundings, but I'm also becoming a rather boring person. If I must talk about something interesting, then it'd be meeting space travelers like yourself.
If you treat him as a child, he'll put on the airs of an adult. If you treat him as an adult, he'll show the temperament of a child.
I know what Fu Xuan is thinking of, so I must make her wait. If she is patient enough to wait, then that would be the time.
Everyone believes Helm Master Yukong had retired... They don't know that she chose an even harder path after she left her beloved skies behind.
Xianzhou is capable of such bustling trade because of how Amicassadors such as Tingyun socialize so much with the outsiders.
I have seen many merchants in my life, but don't you think there aren't many like him, who are in no hurry to do business?
That carefree new Cloud Knight recruit, huh... I was like that once upon a time, but it was a long while ago.
It's hard being the High Elder of the Vidyadhara... I hope she remains well in this lifetime.
She taught me the skills with a blade, but we never became close... *sigh* In an endless night, there is nothing closer than the bright moon, always hanging in the sky.
If he were to forget everything, it would make things a lot easier for me.
Those days were left behind with the passage of time.
I always keep my mind sharp, for the lives of the Cloud Knights hinge on my decisions.
When you want to go fast, go alone. When you want to go far, go together.
The sky is a chessboard, and the moves we make betwixt the stars forge a cosmic destiny.
Remember, Yanqing — think before you act.
Give us an analysis of the situation, Master Diviner.
It's been a while... Master.
Bygones are bygones... but sometimes I wish things had turned out differently.
It isn't wise to put down the hammer and take up the sword.
A foregone conclusion.
A well-matched opponent.
Follow my charge.
Bide your time, but don't waste it.
Conflict is pitiless!
Was that it?
Trifling.
Time for the masterstroke.
Radiant spirit, heed my word. Show no mercy!
Too long behind the lines...
It's good to be back in the field.
A thousand thanks.
I command it.
Battles are chess games — no two are alike.
A diamond in the rough.
A rare find such as this is best suited for your keeping.
There was more than met the eye.
When faced with an army, bide your time and time your attack.
A few games of chess will while away the time.
There's no time to lose.
Hear this thunder!
Oh? A delightful surprise.
These mechanisms function in intriguing ways.
I am Jing Yuan, the general of the Luofu Cloud Knights.  There's no need for formality. "General" is a temporary title, and you can simply call me Jing Yuan.
Ah, you're here. If you have any interesting stories from your travels, do share them with me.
Mmm, rest well... My apologies. There is still some work to be done and I can't see you out personally.
My past enemies are either dead or captured, and my past friends are scattered to the winds. Now that I think about it, I am indeed an old man...
A master of the chessboard does not always make flashy moves. People take delight from one flashy move that saves the day, but never worry when the entire situation teeters towards a loss.
Outsiders perhaps like to abbreviate the Xianzhou Luofu as just Xianzhou, but... the Luofu is not the Xianzhou. The Luofu is the Luofu, no more, no less.
Meditating with my eyes closed. That gets more difficult as time goes on.
For all of my life, I've been scared of trouble. There are major troubles and minor ones, distant ones and close ones. They need plans, preparations, and all things that need effort...
This spirit is called Lightning-Wielding Thunder-Clapping Spirit-Squashing Lord. It's a name I read from an ancient text, but it's too long to remember, so I just abbreviate it to the Lightning... Lord.
I have been bound by mundane duties for years. Not only do I find no fun in my surroundings, but I'm also becoming a rather boring person. If I must talk about something interesting, then it'd be meeting space travelers like yourself.
If you treat him as a child, he'll put on the airs of an adult. If you treat him as an adult, he'll show the temperament of a child.
I know what Fu Xuan is thinking of, so I must make her wait. If she is patient enough to wait, then that would be the time.
Everyone believes Helm Master Yukong had retired... They don't know that she chose an even harder path after she left her beloved skies behind.
Xianzhou is capable of such bustling trade because of how Amicassadors such as Tingyun socialize so much with the outsiders.
I have seen many merchants in my life, but don't you think there aren't many like him, who are in no hurry to do business?
That carefree new Cloud Knight recruit, huh... I was like that once upon a time, but it was a long while ago.
It's hard being the High Elder of the Vidyadhara... I hope she remains well in this lifetime.
She taught me the skills with a blade, but we never became close... *sigh* In an endless night, there is nothing closer than the bright moon, always hanging in the sky.
If he were to forget everything, it would make things a lot easier for me.
Those days were left behind with the passage of time.
I always keep my mind sharp, for the lives of the Cloud Knights hinge on my decisions.
When you want to go fast, go alone. When you want to go far, go together.
The sky is a chessboard, and the moves we make betwixt the stars forge a cosmic destiny.
Remember, Yanqing — think before you act.
Give us an analysis of the situation, Master Diviner.
It's been a while... Master.
Bygones are bygones... but sometimes I wish things had turned out differently.
It isn't wise to put down the hammer and take up the sword.
A foregone conclusion.
A well-matched opponent.
Follow my charge.
Bide your time, but don't waste it.
Conflict is pitiless!
Was that it?
Trifling.
Time for the masterstroke.
Radiant spirit, heed my word. Show no mercy!
Too long behind the lines...
It's good to be back in the field.
A thousand thanks.
I command it.
Battles are chess games — no two are alike.
A diamond in the rough.
A rare find such as this is best suited for your keeping.
There was more than met the eye.
When faced with an army, bide your time and time your attack.
A few games of chess will while away the time.
There's no time to lose.
Hear this thunder!
Oh? A delightful surprise.
These mechanisms function in intriguing ways.
I am Jing Yuan, the general of the Luofu Cloud Knights. There's no need for formality. "General" is a temporary title, and you can simply call me Jing Yuan.
Ah, you're here. If you have any interesting stories from your travels, do share them with me.
Mmm, rest well... My apologies. There is still some work to be done and I can't see you out personally.
My past enemies are either dead or captured, and my past friends are scattered to the winds. Now that I think about it, I am indeed an old man...
A master of the chessboard does not always make flashy moves. People take delight from one flashy move that saves the day, but never worry when the entire situation teeters towards a loss.
Outsiders perhaps like to abbreviate the Xianzhou Luofu as just Xianzhou, but... the Luofu is not the Xianzhou. The Luofu is the Luofu, no more, no less.
Meditating with my eyes closed. That gets more difficult as time goes on.
For all of my life, I've been scared of trouble. There are major troubles and minor ones, distant ones and close ones. They need plans, preparations, and all things that need effort...
This spirit is called Lightning-Wielding Thunder-Clapping Spirit-Squashing Lord. It's a name I read from an ancient text, but it's too long to remember, so I just abbreviate it to the Lightning... Lord.
I have been bound by mundane duties for years. Not only do I find no fun in my surroundings, but I'm also becoming a rather boring person. If I must talk about something interesting, then it'd be meeting space travelers like yourself.
If you treat him as a child, he'll put on the airs of an adult. If you treat him as an adult, he'll show the temperament of a child.
I know what Fu Xuan is thinking of, so I must make her wait. If she is patient enough to wait, then that would be the time.
Everyone believes Helm Master Yukong had retired... They don't know that she chose an even harder path after she left her beloved skies behind.
Xianzhou is capable of such bustling trade because of how Amicassadors such as Tingyun socialize so much with the outsiders.
I have seen many merchants in my life, but don't you think there aren't many like him, who are in no hurry to do business?
That carefree new Cloud Knight recruit, huh... I was like that once upon a time, but it was a long while ago.
It's hard being the High Elder of the Vidyadhara... I hope she remains well in this lifetime.
She taught me the skills with a blade, but we never became close... *sigh* In an endless night, there is nothing closer than the bright moon, always hanging in the sky.
If he were to forget everything, it would make things a lot easier for me.
I understand the one I wished to trace... exists now only in memory. But it's probably what's best for him.
The Cloudstrider's chromatic echelon has departed once again, and the renewed connection of all worlds is imminent. This is good news for the Alliance... but now that the Star Rail is clear, what action will be taken by the fiends and demons once stranded in that remote corner? ...Alas, another problem for another day.
A sword without a sheath is nothing more than a lethal weapon. The Ten-Lords Commission is the sheath that reigns in our long lives, the yoke that binds itself to us, and the law by which our merits and sins are judged.
It's very unlikely that the Express has joined forces with the Stellaron Hunters. They are mortal enemies, after all.
Apologies for interrupting your meeting. My name is Jing Yuan — I'm the general of the Cloud Knights here on the Luofu.
I fully agree with you, Helm Master Yukong, this is indeed an internal affair.
I am sorry, guests of the Astral Express. It is true that there is a Stellaron on the Luofu, but I'm afraid I cannot accept your kind offer to help resolve the issue. This is a Xianzhou matter, and it is our responsibility to handle it.
...Of course, it would be inappropriate of me to let you return without something to show for it. While I cannot accept your help with regard to the Stellaron, I do have a favor to ask. Please, after you.
The Astral Express! I must confess that the train's reputation precedes it, such that it is often close to my thoughts. How delightful to come face to face with its passengers!
Ah, a matter that requires capable people such as yourselves. We captured a member of the Stellaron Hunters a few days ago, who goes by the name of "Blade."
During our investigation, the Divination Commission — the department in charge of intelligence processing — intercepted a transmission sent out by his accomplice, Kafka, who has managed to hide aboard the ship. As for where that transmission was destined...
I have some knowledge of your relationship with the Stellaron Hunters. The Divination Commission is convinced that you made an alliance with them... I say that's impossible. The crew of the Astral Express are honorable people whose valiant deeds are lauded across the universe. There must have been a misunderstanding.
As such, I came to the conclusion that the communication must have been an attempt by the Stellaron Hunters to sow dissent between us.
We can handle the Stellaron, but it will take time and will require the bulk of the Cloud Knights on the ship. It is this Kafka that concerns me. The longer she stays on the ship, the bigger the threat she will pose.
Since the Stellaron Hunters lured you to our ship, we shall move with the current. You are hereby authorized to do as you deem fit on the Luofu, with the goal of bringing Kafka out of the shadows and under our control.
Doing so would clear the misunderstanding between us, reveal the true intentions of the Stellaron Hunters, and help us understand their connection to the Stellaron burst. What say you, my Astral guests?
If you are able to capture this Stellaron Hunter, the Xianzhou will be indebted to you.
I'm afraid my hands are tied on the matter — this is a diplomatic affair and I have rules to follow. But if you can bring me the Stellaron Hunter and discover her motive for placing a Stellaron on the ship, it would be of great help in resolving the incident.
Of course you do. You can be strangers and simply walk away. But I feel you wish to help the Xianzhou.
The Luofu never fails to reward that which is given.
Wonderful, it's a deal then. I shall notify Yukong that all intel is to be shared with you, and that our best personnel are to aid you in your search.
If there's anything the Sky-Faring Commission or the Cloud Knights can do for you during your stay, don't hesitate to make it known.
Blade is wanted by both the IPC and the Alliance. I'm afraid I cannot comment on his file.
There are five known members of the Stellaron Hunters. Elio is their leader, but always stays behind the scenes. Most of the operations are led by Kafka.
Had the Divination Commission not intercepted her encrypted transmission, she would have remained undetected for much longer.
Bring her to us.
Hmm, ordinary means may prove futile when it comes to this individual. But the Divination Commission has ways of...
...Haha, don't misunderstand me. The Xianzhou does not engage in torture. Retrieving intel does not necessarily involve the use of violence.
In any case, you can deliver her directly to us. Once we learn something, I will share every piece of information with you.
If things go as planned, I would love to find the time to sit with all of you and hear about your experiences among the stars. My responsibilities to the Xianzhou have meant that I haven't had the chance to travel in many years.
We had heard nothing of the Express for a long time. It is heartening to learn of its continued journey along that starward track.
I have other matters to attend to. Goodbye for now.
Master Diviner, you heard our discussion. What do you make of it?
That won't be necessary. The crew has nothing to do with the incident, of that I am almost certain. It isn't their intentions that trouble me. All I want is for them to lure out the one we're after.
Indeed, your counsel has always been of great help to me. You may use your discretion on the matters ahead of us.
It is still too soon, unfortunately. If something goes wrong, you'll need a general to take the blame. How could I simply walk away and put you at such risk?
Me? I had no idea he might escape! Unlike you, my gaze never travels beyond the horizon. I take full responsibility — the Cloud Knights failed in their duty.
Yes, yes, yes... I have to go now — I'll leave this in your overwhelmingly capable hands, Fu Xuan.
*sigh* There are three things in the world that I can't seem to rid myself of: the troubles of the Xianzhou, the papers on my desk, and the weeds in my garden.
She is very capable, but her intellect is burdened by a quick temper. I'll retire when she's achieved a better balance.
I can understand your impatience, and I know you want to prove yourself. Now is not the time. If you truly wish to become Sword Champion, you shouldn't be running around brandishing your sword at people, especially not a major criminal.
I'm saying you need to have patience, Yanqing. Governing Xianzhou is different from a sword fight. The only way to build momentum is to work slowly. Besides, we still don't know who's really moving the chess pieces...
There is something we must take care of before making our next move. As long it remains unresolved, we're at a stalemate. That something is the Stellaron.
How did it manage to bypass the Sky-Faring Commission's inspections and the Divination Commission's predictions? Where is it now?
I've asked our friends from the Express to take care of that for us. Worry not, you'll have your moment when the current stalemate is broken.
You are my most trusted aide, and there are some things that I would only assign to you. Speaking of which, Yanqing...
*sigh* That boy...
I suppose it is my fault. I should have given him an opportunity already. "A sharp sword can't stay sheathed forever," haha...
My fear is that this might prove too big a setback, bigger than his exuberance...
Haha.
Many years have passed since the two of you departed the Xianzhou, and yet the circumstances of your return appear to be equally unhappy. If you still thought of me as a friend, you should've forewarned me.
Mm, that it is.
Thank you for assisting the Xianzhou in this small matter. Take this person away — I will pretend I didn't see anything this time.
It has been a long time... old friend.
Mm... I'm sorry.
You cannot leave yet — your Astral Express friends are waiting for you in Scalegorge Waterscape. Shall we go and see them together?
Now is not the time.
Lunarescent Depths — a realm of singular beauty. Scalegorge Waterscape is the same as when I last laid eyes on it... and here we stand so different from one another. The flesh of long-life species may be immortal, but the constant of heaven and earth eludes them.
*sigh* Raising old nets only darkens the water — an exercise in unhappiness. Perhaps it is your visage, the horns on your head, or the unmistakable air of the high elder that makes the separation nigh impossible for me.
You did... but to what effect? If words alone were enough to change the heart, this world would be without quarrel. If you wish to rid me of the illusion of Dan Feng, you must do something for me.
Before I can let Dan Feng die and revoke your banishment edict, I need him to do me one final favor. I can guarantee you that when it is done, you will no longer walk in anyone's shadow aboard the Luofu.
You must do it, or my promise will count for naught. If you wish to blame someone, blame your previous incarnation. Had he not committed that terrible sin — had the power of dragon transmutation been passed on intact — I would have no need to compel you.
It is as I said: here we stand so different from one another. Dan Feng is no more — now there is only Dan Heng. But I...
I am the general of the Luofu. There are things that I wish I did not have to do, and yet I must.
Haha, let us talk of happier tidings. The friends you made on the Express are here. Do you wish to see them?
Yes, they are waiting in the Dragonvista Rain Hall.
Go, your friends are waiting for you.
Look, your friends are taking the fight to the Legion as we speak...
Haha, forgive my late arrival, Lady Fu — we are indebted to you and your forces. The Seat of Divine Foresight relayed the battle reports to me. As for Phantylia's plan...
Mm, that is clear to me now. Friends of the Astral Express, I have brought someone with me whom I think you'll be eager to see.
Let us save such reminiscence for later, shall we?
My astral guests, when you first appeared on the Luofu, your stated aim was the resolution of the Stellaron crisis. I was concerned that the Stellaron Hunters harbored ulterior motives and refused your offer. I see now that I was overly anxious.
Nevertheless, it is true that the motives of the Stellaron Hunters were not what they appeared, haha. In order that the Express and the Xianzhou fight side by side, Kafka lured you here and broadened the scope of the crisis... In doing so, she succeeded in making clear that your sincerity is beyond doubt. The Luofu is in your debt, and I have no right to seek further assistance from you.
However, as Lady Fu has explained, the appearance of Phantylia means that the situation is far from under our control. As general of the Luofu, it would be foolish of me not to ask Dan Heng and the rest of you for your strength at this critical moment.
Thank you, Dan Heng.
The choice is yours, Dan Heng.
There is no master plan, only a bet... a bet on the senior Vidyadhara's incomplete exuviation charm, and on Dan Heng's ability to access the memories of the high elder...
When the Reignbow Arbiter severed the Ambrosial Arbor, remnants of the curse of the Plagues Author lingered. In order to make the stemming of those remnants a possibility, the Luofu invoked the power of the Scions of Permanence.
Under the direction of the high elder, the Vidyadhara guided the waters of the ancient sea to flood the Scalegorge Waterscape delve and contain the Arbor. To commemorate this magnificent feat and sacrifice, the Alliance erected the Dragonvista Rain Monument — a Vidyadhara statue.
Ha, I see why you might think so. These events occurred a long time ago, yet successive generations of high elders have not differed greatly in their appearance... that is, until the current generation. The most recent successor did not inherit the same level of power, and their appearance is that of a child.
Do you understand, Dan Heng? Since Dan Feng perished, the Luofu Vidyadhara have no longer had an individual capable of performing such feats. But you, who once kept watch over the Arbor, should be able to open a way through to that great tree.
What happens next, is in your hands.
I have been keeping careful watch against the Abominations of Abundance, the Stellaron Hunters, and the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... but I never anticipated the Antimatter Legion.
The Hunt is far from over, yet all the while we find ourselves at war with other evil spirits... Hmph, from this battle onward, the Alliance must fight the Legion to our dying breath, even if it means the end of the Luofu.
Our intelligence tells us that the Legion are a mad and destructive war machine, yet they never took up arms against the Alliance. The armies of the Seven Ravagers all have their own means of destruction — they are not to be taken lightly.
Lord Ravager Phantylia favors internal collapse, which is why she masterminded the Stellaron crisis and urged the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus out of the shadows. Now that her plot has been laid bare she has no choice but to retreat... and yet that hardly suits her philosophy of destruction. There must be something more...
Do you know something? When Dan Feng committed his great crime, the Ten-Lords Commission advocated strongly for him to be destroyed. The Vidyadhara, on the other hand, were split evenly in their favor and disfavor of the motion. Haha, the dragon transmutation inheritance was not intact, after all. The senior Vidyadhara hated you, yet did not dare to kill you.
The Vidyadhara were under great pressure. In order to placate the Ten-Lords and Sky-Faring Commissions, they performed an exuviation charm on Dan Feng against his will. Still, they ensured that the charm contained a flaw, thinking that this would fool the Ten-Lords Commission. Hmph, the senior Vidyadhara were sure of their scheme, but you cannot hide fire with paper.
Has coming here triggered your memory?
Release your full potential — the power you carry is the key to opening a way through to the Ambrosial Arbor.
I was fortunate enough to be here during The Shuhu Upheaval period — I witnessed this place in its prime. An age past — the palace was left in ruins, and the Vidyadhara used their sacred homeland to imprison the Arbor. The Luofu and the Xianzhou are greatly indebted to them.
Lady Fu.
Remain here — lead the Cloud Knights in defense of this passage. We must prevent further incidents.
I wouldn't say so, I'll be counting on a few friends for support.
I understand your sentiment, soldiers...
...but the adversary ahead of us is not an Abomination of Abundance. They are a Lord Ravager of the Antimatter Legion. Crossing this line will bring you into the conflict between the {RUBY_B#Lan}Reignbow Arbiter{RUBY_E#} and {RUBY_B#Nanook}the Ruin Author{RUBY_E#}...
You have a more important duty. Cloud Knights, attention!
After I enter the Ambrosial Arbor, and if the seawater returns to its original state, you must withdraw immediately and seal off the delve once more. The Master Diviner will lead you.
Lady Fu, if I am unable to return, I entrust you with the important task of relaying the full account to the other Xianzhou ships.
Ha, spoken like a true general.
Do you remember now?
I hope everyone is prepared?
Miss March, I would advise you to refrain from interfering with the Vidyadhara.
When the life of a Vidyadhara is over, they return to the ancient sea and form a shell, before emerging anew. This is the hatching rebirth cycle.
Phantylia will soon have control of the Arbor... Quickly.
It's Phantylia... we must hurry.
When you see this, do you remember anything?
I received word from Lady Fu. The depth of Phantylia's infiltration, along with her meticulous planning, makes her extremely difficult to guard against.
The Cloud Knights will carry out an investigation, but for now our most pressing matter is to put a stop to Phantylia's scheme.
In that case then, I'll leave it to you.
What seems to be the problem, friend? It would appear the seals have you at a loss.
Could the murals in our vicinity be related to the seals?
There are abominations up ahead. Careful, everyone.
I'm still alive.
...And it would seem the two of us can still coordinate our efforts.
*sigh* Phantylia... a truly fearsome enemy. If she hadn't attempted to turn me into a pawn of Destruction, I'm afraid victory would have been far from certain.
Phantylia had established a link between me and herself. Your well-timed strike gravely injured her — thus, her connection to the Arbor was severed.
It takes more than that to destroy an Emanator of Destruction. Still...
Leave that to the master diviner... I'm afraid I may be... somewhat spent...
Phantylia has usurped the power of the Arbor...
All of you — focus on destroying the phantom flowers — I'll go for the body.
The weeds in my garden give me more grief.
...
Dan Heng... you take it from here.
I'll restrict her movements — Dan Heng, clear her creations!
Are we still ants to you, Phantylia?
So much effort to crush us, and met with so little success... I wonder what the other Ravagers would think.
Out of ideas, Phantylia?
All of you, ready yourselves.
Dan Heng, guard my back. I'm counting on you.
Present company is gathered to reiterate the Xianzhou Luofu's esteemed gratitude for the magnanimous actions of the Nameless.
I am sure Lady Fu has given voice to this already, but the Luofu is greatly indebted to you. Therefore, on behalf of the Luofu Cloud Knights, I hereby present you with a jade abacus — a symbol of our allied friendship.
It... could indeed be considered a souvenir of a certain variety. But not one you could find in a gift store.
Back when the Alliance was first established — all those thousands of years ago — the Xianzhou ships swore an oath, etching the record into a jade abacus. The world may crumble and the heavens may fall, but this oath shall never be broken.
The same is true of this jade abacus — it is a record of the Luofu Cloud Knights' promise to the crew of the Astral Express. It is also a beacon — grip it tightly, and it will send a message to the jade abacus here in my hand.
No matter how astronomically distant you are, the Luofu Cloud Knights will always come to the aid of the Crew, whatever your need may be.
Ahem... Of course, I trust that such an important article will not be used for trivial or inappropriate circumstances. I hope you can understand...
Dan Heng.
In accordance with the edict of the Ten-Lords Commission, I am hereby authorized to relieve your banishment decree. From this day henceforth, you may come and go freely on the Luofu...
...But I must remind you that the crimes of Dan Feng have had far-reaching implications... and some people, such as those in Scalegorge Waterscape, will not be much moved by the issuance of a paper edict.
While I can guarantee your freedom to come and go as you please, I cannot guarantee your safety. Again, I hope you can understand.
This issuing of gifts brings with it a sense of relief... Even my wound is feeling much improved. The occasion calls for a line or two of poetry... though I feel my efforts would be overshadowed by the erudition of Lady Fu. Another time, perhaps.
The Express and its passengers have a long voyage ahead of them. May that voyage be smooth and untrammeled. I bid you Farewell.
Not yet. I have things I wish to convey to my Astral friends.
My apologies, I couldn't get to you any sooner — Yanqing made sure that I was fully recuperated...
Before you leave the Luofu, there are two things I wish to gift the Express.
Please, let us reconvene at the Seat of Divine Foresight.
Heh, that's alright. In these times of conflict, for the sake of utmost safety, it is only right that the Alliance steps forward to mediate on behalf of the Astral Express. We must not allow you to take unnecessary risks.
Furthermore, despite the IPC's eagerness for success, it prioritizes "peace" above all, and The Family, trapped though it may be, professes a desire for "Harmony". The Alliance has always won people over with reason. I firmly believe both parties can indeed put aside their differences and come to a peaceful agreement.
You flatter me! But ultimately, it's been all down to the Express. Without your efforts, this Sweetdream Paradise would have been claimed by the last remnants of "Order" before there was even a shot at peace...
Well would you look at that. Here comes the big hero.
Hahaha, here's the Galactic Baseballer — the paragon of both heroism and humility!
Hahaha, if it isn't the Galactic Baseballer — a true hero who dares to take action!
Hahaha, if it isn't the Galactic Baseballer — a hero with unparalleled insight!
It's complicated, but in a nutshell, he's now the former Oak Family head.
The IPC has named him the key figure in The Family's Penacony split, citing a threat to Cosmic peace. He must represent The Family and answer for the unrest caused. His trial is set to take place at Pier Point.
The Family quickly labeled him and the remnants of the Order as enemies, declaring the turmoil an internal rebellion. This move effectively barred the IPC from intervening in "Family affairs" on both moral and rational grounds.
...
I can only say that this incident is an unexpected mess for the girl. The Alliance will try to persuade The Family to consider this matter carefully during mediation.
It's time, everyone. The IPC's key members and I have agreed to consult one another before the upcoming negotiation. Do any of you wish to sit in?
Why of course you're welcome! They've mentioned that your team is a trusted ally of the IPC in Penacony, so there's no reason not to welcome you.
Besides, if there can be reliable observers from the Astral Express present, discussions will go more smoothly. So, what do you all think?
Haha, great.
Haha, if that's the case, our Galactic Baseballer can join us.
Haha, good guess!
Oh? Looks like everyone has come with expectations. Care to share?
Heh, now that's something.
It heartens me to learn that everyone is willing to put aside their differences for Penacony's plight. I trust that everyone will surely reach consensus in the upcoming negotiations.
Looks like Penacony's future is decided. I'm wondering, is there anything else the Crew is concerned about?
Haha, well that's good. Now that everyone's minds are at ease, I shall take my leave. You may now depart with peace of mind — the alliance will deal with all subsequent procedures.
The negotiation will commence at the hotel lobby. Everyone, please follow me.
Hello, what brings you two here? The wind and waves are restless around Lunarescent Depths today.
Haha, this encounter was not of my making. I've been recuperating in the Alchemy Commission under the Dragon Lady's care — our paths have merely crossed...
...but your question would suggest that there are others interested in dissuading you from such a venture.
Matters that concern the rise and fall of the Vidyadhara will inevitably attract certain parties — those that would work circumstances to their advantage. Be it Dan Feng, the Preceptors, or the Alchemy Commission that trained the Dragon Lady...
A chance meeting is a gift from fate. Why don't I help you to fathom their intent, then?
Haha, the power struggle between the Preceptors and their High Elder is a tale as old as time. And someone as powerful as Dan Feng, who was completely beyond their control, was enough for them to harbor a hidden rage.
The elders used to have a small say in appointing the new High Elder. Who could have imagined that Dan Feng would pick his own successor? And yet, that is precisely what happened, and all they could do was accept the result.
Now that Dan Heng has arrived, the elders see yet another chance — how could they let it go?
Haha! Us outsiders should not judge the laws of the Vidyadhara.
The Dragon Lady has no power and Dan Feng is a criminal. One can understand their desire for a new high elder.
The Preceptors have been suppressed for some time now — they will inevitably try to overturn the situation.
These people speak of "legitimacy." They believe that Bailu was chosen as heir apparent by the previous High Elder, and that unless she were to commit a terrible sin, the Preceptors should have no right whatsoever to choose again.
The Healer Lady has draconic features and scarcely believable therapeutic abilities. Some regard this as evidence that she is the High Elder. But the Preceptors are fixated on strength, and are unwilling to accept her...
Now that Dan Feng's reincarnation has shown a command over the vast marine expanse of Lunarescent Depths, those longing to keep the traditional bequeathal of the High Elder feel increasingly uneasy.
After Dan Feng's abdication, they fought against the Preceptors and saved Bailu's dignity. They demonstrated a true devotion.
Before Dan Heng arrived, everything was quiet as a windless lake. In that regard, it is understandable that they want to get rid of him.
These folks aren't the type to just let it go.
It is an internal affair of the Vidyadharas. As long as it does not disturb the peace aboard the Luofu, it does not involve the general of the Cloud Knights.
Nevertheless, as a friend, let me remind you of one thing. So long as Dan Heng and Bailu, with their respective High Elder powers and titles, both remain on the Luofu, the Vidyadhara will never cease their internal strife. This is not to say that either of you are to blame.
It's getting late. You are headed to repair the Arbor's seal at Scalegorge Waterscape, and visit the High Elder, no? Farewell, for now. I should start taking this business of rest and recuperation a little more seriously.
I must return to my quarters, now — I merely took advantage of the healer's absence to slip out and relax a little... Be on your way.
Are you planning on staying on the Luofu? The banishment decree has been revoked, and the Preceptors have regained an awareness of the situation. This is your chance to return to your homeland.
Hahahaha, I do not seek to take Dan Heng away from you.
You're... asking him to stay here?
Ah... that is a pity.
I think I should refrain from violating the healers' orders any further — the weariness is creeping up on me once again. Time to lie down.
Farewell, all of you.
Ah! Am I too late!?
Reinforcements? I am the reinforcements!
Did the Preceptors truly believe that nobody knew of their scheme?
They should return to their senses. Attacking the Dragon Lady only destroys what little prestige they have remaining.
Save your breath. We'll know the truth once the Cloud Knights send you to the Ten-Lords Commission's Judges.
Not all of the Vidyadhara harbor evil intentions. If you feel uneasy, Dragon Lady, the Seat of Divine Foresight can arrange for you to stay elsewhere.
Very well. I will await all of you at the ferry.
Yukong? I heard an office worker from the Sky-Faring Commission flew a starskiff to assist in the present crisis, but ran into trouble herself. She was only saved thanks to a couple of travelers... On behalf of the Luofu, you have my thanks, once again.
The Seat of Divine Foresight heard that Yukong's seldom-seen but often-feared temper was on display. I believe the two of you were caught between mother and daughter?
Yukong herself is best placed to answer such questions...
...but naturally, you are here because you fear that Helm Master Yukong would decline to answer.
If you wish to dispel Miss Qingni's curiosity, perhaps we can take a small step back from the topic at hand. What do you wish to know about Yukong the pilot?
This is... a divine object from the Reignbow Arbiter? Where did you find this?
Which road? I should head there myself — a divine object like this possesses a market value of at least 20,000 strales.
This object is no ordinary trinket. It has borne witness to blood and tears.
I'm sure you're both familiar with the Xianzhou's long galactic hunt, but have you heard of the Denizens of Abundance Wars? As the Xianzhou has continued to cleanse the universe of immortal abominations, so too has the Abundance Axis succeeded in breaching our defensive lines. They pushed the Xianzhou to the brink of disaster.
Thirty years ago, the Xianzhou Yaoqing and Fanghu were besieged by our enemies. Even in the long history of warfare between the Xianzhou Alliance and the Denizens of Abundance, that air battle was one of the most tragic.
We were greatly outnumbered by the Abominations of Abundance. Almost a million fighter pilots fought in the bitter battle. Those who survived numbered no more than a hundred thousand.
Had the Reignbow Arbiter not descended and destroyed the enemy's assault with their Sky-Shattering Lux Arrow, who's to say whether the Luofu would still be here today?
Such divine objects were forged from the embers that the Arbiter's divine arrow left behind. For the survivors, these relics contain the blood of their comrades, the ashes of their enemies, and the dust of their memories...
Yukong is a survivor of that war. Her best friend, Caiyi, perished on the battlefield.
Did Qingni tell you any of this?
Hehe, it all serves to remind me... A long time ago, a young foxian girl, charged by the Knights with a high-speed flight violation, was brought before me as punishment... now she's the Madam Helm Master — my equal.
If I were to turn back the sands of time and try to convince my past self that the little girl in front of me would one day become a wise and experienced helm master... I would probably never have believed it.
The Yukong of the past was nothing like she is now — spending her days surrounded by documents at her desk.
She was a flaming wind. The only one who could ever calm her... was her comrade.
Yes. Large fighter starskiffs need to be operated in pairs. One pilot takes the helm, the other controls the turrets.
The legend of the ace fighter pilot is incomplete without the ace gunner. Yukong's partner was Caiyi.
Both at the controls and behind the turret — Caiyi was like a cold blade... efficient, decisive, unfeeling when she had to be.
It's hard to imagine such contrasting personalities working in perfect harmony... As I mentioned, the campaign inflicted heavy losses on the Xianzhou air force...
Oh? Something else on your mind?
I do not wish to speculate on the reason behind Helm Master Yukong's reluctance to fly, nor do I want to open up old wounds.
However, it's difficult to discard one's past. Yukong and Caiyi trusted each other with their lives. The helm master will have strong memories of that time.
Perhaps it is not my place to say, but I believe Qingni has the right to know about the past... as the past is starting to affect her future.
Mr. Yang, you jest. How can harmony between parent and child constitute a triviality? If you ask me, the mountains of documents in the Seat of Divine Foresight are the only triviality around here.
The laws of the Alliance cannot be subject to change... Unfortunately, your next stop will be the Yuque.
I reported everything to the marshal, and {RUBY_B#Yaoguang of Yuque}the Seer Strategist{RUBY_E#} just so happened to take an interest in the case — they set up a Deca-Light Reflection Barrier in hopes of meeting the two of you beforehand.
Then I shall see this gamble through.
She's gone.
All this must have seemed like a silly performance to someone newly reborn... but I am unable to prevent my old friends from taking sides against one another.
Who you are is a question that only you can find the answer to...
...even if the Preceptors' interference denied you a true rebirth...
Yes, it has been a long day for you, Dan Heng.
Holding you in The Shackling Prison would be more trouble than it's worth. For security purposes, we will be performing your trial here.
The Stellaron's descent, the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection, the Destruction Emanator's impersonation of the Amicassador...
According to the Sky-Faring Commission's investigations, you arrived on the Luofu with a group of merchants, but didn't make a single trade during your stay. Your departure coincided with the day the calamities took place.
You took advantage of the chaos to sneak into The Shackling Prison, but seemingly took no course of action. Now, you claim that you are responsible for the Stellaron crisis and wish to surrender yourself.
Your behavior truly is puzzling... I can't seem to piece together your motive.
Merely a wanderer? You're too modest, Luocha. Do I need to remind you of your actions at the Eternity Fortress and the Shroudveil Starzone...?
...or must I utter that tongue-twister of a name?
You flatter me. Fortunately, I did my research, or this conversation would've been quite dry.
That is beyond my control. Attempting to undermine the Alliance is a grave crime. According to protocol, you are to be held on the Xianzhou Xuling for a joint trial before the Ten-Lords Commission and the Seven Arbiter-Generals.
However... at present you have the opportunity to enjoy the beautiful scenery of Scalegorge Waterscape. It will be the last view of the Luofu you ever lay eyes on.
The Alliance follows the Reignbow Arbiter's edict — to continue ridding the world of evil, so that one day Yaoshi might be vanquished and the cycle of life and death restored.
I'm listening.
Hmph... as I expected. Your surrender is just the next step in your scheme. You wish to avail yourself of the Ten Lords' decree to enter the Xuling and stand before the six generals — even the marshal. That is your true agenda...
...and the purpose of the contents of your coffin.
Splendid, well done. This was a spectacular move.
Yanqing.
Without a doubt — this jade tracer belongs to Yanqing. I can't thank you enough.
You... already accessed the recordings?
...No harm done. She was my mentor and my superior when I was a member of the Cloud Knights. However, she left the Xianzhou a long time ago...
If you see her, be sure to keep your distance and notify me immediately.
He took on the charge of pursuing a major criminal — it is not my place to impede him for fear of his wellbeing. That is the nature of the Cloud Knights and their duty.
I do have confidence in him, though.
*sigh* Forgive me, but I cannot disclose this information.
Thank you again for your help, friends from the Express. The situation remains unpredictable, so take care.
I hope to be able to drink and talk freely with you once again when everything is settled.
Diviner Fu, how are things progressing?
...And for those who don't speak Fu Xuan?
Haha, but you're Fu Xuan the seer — the boundless omniscient! Bringing luck and avoiding misfortune is your strong suit, isn't it?
And that is precisely why we need you in charge. When it comes to handling clairvoyant Stellaron Hunters, who better than Fu Xuan the seer? As for reinforcements, you didn't think I'd be unprepared, did you?
Look, help has just arrived.
Well, since they're here already, I may as well make use of them.
It's been a while, my astral guests.
Thanks to you, the Luofu has successfully brought Kafka to justice... I am truly grateful — there hadn't been a single Stellaron Hunter arrest since the Interastral Peace Corporation issued their bounty. Hehe, this is a victory for the Xianzhou.
How can we compete when our paths diverge? The Alliance has taken an oath to hunt down undying abominations, while the IPC is dedicated to their "preservation." The Alliance and the Corporation occasionally work together, but ultimately, our ways are different.
Still, it's a pleasure for me to be able to say that the Xianzhou has captured a criminal wanted by the IPC, haha.
Still...
Once this is over and the Stellaron curse has been lifted, the Xianzhou will have no more use for Kafka. If you wish to claim the bounty, feel free to take her to the IPC — the Alliance has no interest in the IPC's reward.
Blade, on the other hand, is a wanted criminal for the Xianzhou — he must remain with us.
Fu Xuan's Matrix of Prescience was able to go one step further than Kafka. To maintain the upper hand, I had to keep it a surprise. I hope this hasn't made you doubt my sincerity?
I promise to be more transparent next time.
At present, Kafka has no intention of speaking and the Stellaron Hunters' motives remain unknown. We must rely on the power of the Divination Commission to unearth the truth.
Precisely, the Matrix of Prescience is the Divination Commission's ultimate weapon. It was originally used to calculate navigation routes and predict future events...
...but the secrets of the Stellaron Hunters cannot remain hidden any longer. I have no choice but to move beyond conventional protocol — we must use divination to ascertain Kafka's intent.
Everything hinges on restoring the Matrix of Prescience, which is why I would like you to help Diviner Fu complete the setup. I am eternally grateful for your assistance.
Stay calm, Diviner Fu, the Matrix of Prescience does not lie. The logic you have laid out concerning Kafka makes sense — it has helped me to fill in another piece of the puzzle.
I agree there is a hostile external force at work on the Luofu. The Stellaron didn't appear out of thin air — someone managed to sneak it onto the ship. As for the culprits behind the Luofu's internal strife, I believe we are dealing with the so-called Disciples of Sanctus Medicus — that shadowy organization of the Denizens of Abundance.
Kafka's revelations confirm my suspicions.
The moment the planter of the Stellaron revealed themself. The Xianzhou has the blessing of the Reignbow Arbiter — only another Aeon's Emanator would be capable of sneaking onto this ship without my knowing. We are dealing with an external threat.
The Stellaron corrosion continues to flood into the ship, and yet it bypassed both the Seat of Divine Foresight and The Shackling Prison... there is forethought here — our enemy must have had access to Luofu intelligence for things to unfold in this way. It is evident now...
The Stellaron Hunters aren't the ones behind the curtain... No, as soon as I set eyes on Blade, it was clear to me. But why is he here, and why did he draw the Astral Express? ...That piece of the puzzle still eludes me.
Nevertheless, Lady Fu, your intel means the puzzle is more complete than it was before, haha. These Stellaron Hunters are a captivating group — such lengths to get the Xianzhou and the Express onto the same track. Who would've believed it?
It's the Stellaron. No need to search high and low — the traitors have planted it in the Ambrosial Arbor's delve, thereby causing the tree to grow once again. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus couldn't hold off any longer.
Of course, I'm sure you have a countermeasure at the ready, Master Diviner.
Mhmm, as ever the master diviner's omniscia provides the fastest solution. However, sometimes speed is not everything. I have known the Stellaron's location for a while now, so why have I held back our forces?
Well?
Haha, pulling up the grass requires removing the roots. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have chosen to make their move now, which means the Cloud Knights have the situation under control and the traitors have run out of patience. Now is the time to capture them all in one fell swoop.
Please, Lady Fu, I still have forces to deploy.
We were in need of extra hands, and the Stellaron Hunters were kind enough to bring us together with the Astral Express — how could I look the other way.
A violation of the rules and regulations. I would like to remind you, Lady Fu, that the Xianzhou comes before its rules and regulations — all the more so in times of crisis.
As such, I am about to make a decision that runs counter to those rules and regulations. Oh, uh — decisions, plural. Haha, what a rare pleasure.
Lady Fu, I hereby issue you with the military tally — the Cloud Knights will be under your control. You will act in concert with the other forces in the approach to the Ambrosial Arbor through the Alchemy Commission delve.
You've been eager to discover for yourself what it is to be a general, have you not?
As for our Astral friends... I hereby formally welcome you all to join our operation to seal the Stellaron.
Lady Fu will deploy the Cloud Knights, but I would like you to set off in advance. Take a shortcut through the Artisanship Commission and convene with Lady Fu further down the line.
This is no order, honored guests. I am merely stating what needs to be done, should you wish to help us.
This is no errand, honored guests. I am merely stating what needs to be done, should you wish to help us.
Understood, understood, worry not — I know how to repay a favor.
The Xianzhou has met with a dramatic chain of events, and each of you has chosen to stand by us. Your fearlessness moves me.
Nevertheless, the enemy is upon us and time is of the essence — let us not allow monetary affairs to cast a shadow over more pressing matters.
Once catastrophe has been averted, we shall discuss this in greater detail.
Miss Tingyun, I would like you to continue to serve as a guide for our Astral friends.
I have requested that the master diviner prepare a starskiff and open a way through the shortcut.
The Alchemy Commission and Scalegorge Waterscape delves are adjacent to the Ambrosial Arbor's seal. I'd like you to investigate these places.
It is an ancient artifact that was planted on the Xianzhou Luofu by Yaoshi, the Aeon of Abundance. It has the power to shape life and subdue death at will.
The ancestors of the Luofu people consumed the fruits of the Ambrosial Arbor and gained endless lifespans — thus becoming long-life species.
Yes... it was also the bane of everything to come.
As outsiders, you are unfamiliar with the history of the Xianzhou. I cannot blame you for asking a question like this. Let me tell you a story.
Long ago, before the Xianzhou took to the skies, our ancestors lived on the surface of a planet. Like all of you, the Xianzhou people at that time were a mortal species with a lifespan of fewer than 100 years.
There was a time when the ruling emperor could not bear his temporary existence, or the thought of his life's achievements being lost to another after his death. He became fixated on acquiring an elixir of immortality, and focused his power on constructing a fleet of nine ships. These ships would voyage into deep space, where traces of gods were rumored to exist...
Yes, and no. He succeeded because, after an arduous journey, the nine ships eventually witnessed the manifestation of a god — Yaoshi's appearance provided for all manner of unfathomable celestial blessings... However, he failed because the fleet has been lost ever since, and has never been able to return to its home planet.
Oh...? Our ancestors once thought so too, but the miracle of longevity was nothing more than a vain dream.
Take the Luofu, for example — immortality seemed like a beautiful thing. But what followed was population expansion and diminishing resources. In the struggle for survival, the immortals lost their humanity and degenerated into mere beasts.
After paying the price with blood and tears, the Luofu people finally understood that immortality was not a free blessing, but the beginning of a cruel ordeal.
In the eras that followed, other beings that had likewise received Yaoshi's blessings repeatedly attacked the Xianzhou in an attempt to take the sacred artifact as their own. Countless atrocities were committed as a result.
Many Xianzhou comrades who were lucky enough to survive the wars became stricken with mara — a condition that immortals are susceptible to.
Had it not been for the enlightenment and protection of the {RUBY_B#Lan}Reignbow Arbiter{RUBY_E#}, the Xianzhou Alliance you see today would never have existed.
At this point in the story, I assume you understand the disasters that the resurrection of the Ambrosial Arbor might bring about?
Thousands of years have passed since the Reignbow Arbiter felled the Ambrosial Arbor.
Most in the Xianzhou regard the Arbor as nothing more than the stump of a dead tree... Only those familiar with our history and the ancient texts know of its origin.
Our ancestors placed the stump in full view of the people precisely to make it seem unimportant, but in fact, they sealed it behind layers upon layers of delve enchantment. Even if one travels toward the Ambrosial Arbor, one will never reach it.
Someone brought a Stellaron into the Xianzhou and planted it among the roots of the Ambrosial Arbor. They wish to resurrect it and achieve their hidden goal through external aggression.
In my opinion, the force that provided the Stellaron and the force that activated it have different objectives.
I have asked Fu Xuan to open a shortcut to the Divination Commission for you.
Some things must be seen to be believed. The Express is so much more interesting than the Seat of Divine Foresight...
When I heard that the Cloudstrider's legendary chromatic echelon had arrived at the Luofu, I knew I'd have to sneak over and take a look for myself... a pity that official matters prevented me for so long. I hope my unannounced visit won't cause you any trouble.
Haha, the Seat of Divine Foresight may seem imposing at first, but having stared at it — and it back at me — for hundreds of years... we've grown rather tired of one another.
It feels as if the heart and mind are wiped clean when looking into the distance from here. How refreshing.
Haha, this is a personal visit — no need for formalities. Call me Jing Yuan.
It is a state of being relaxed while maintaining a focused mind. The individual may look carefree, but they harbor a constant readiness.
Who? Oh... you mean the state of composure?
I hope they won't take offense, but I have taken notice of your conductor — I find them to be extraordinary.
"A little" would be an understatement.
...Yes, indeed. However, cuteness is but one of many admirable attributes.
The Express must plan its routes, maintain its equipment, attend to the daily needs of its passengers, and receive guests, of course...
From the orderly condition of the carriages alone, it is plain to see that the conductor is masterful in their responsibilities. Their calm demeanor is precisely the state of composure I am talking about.
If we have time, I would like to speak with the conductor and listen to their experiences of managing the Express.
If we have time, I would like to speak with the conductor and listen to their experiences of managing the Express.
It is a shame that, as a Nameless, her path never crossed with the Astral Express. It would be wonderful if she were aboard...
I'm unsure if Jingliu has ever mentioned this to you, but we had a mutual friend who was a Nameless, just like you.
An old friend. I'm not sure if Jingliu has ever mentioned her to you — it was many years ago...
The foxians of the Xianzhou Yaoqing are known for their adventuring flying families. The most renowned of these families was that of our mutual friend's.
Her parents were established scholars and adventurers, and she naturally inherited the spirit of the Nameless to travel and see the stars. She even has a famous travelogue in her name.
I first heard about the Astral Express from her. It is a shame that, in her travels to thousands of stars, she never had the opportunity to board the Express — the sacred place of the Nameless.
Ahem... All my talk of former days is rather spoiling the atmosphere. My apologies.
I hope you too will be able to make a travelogue of your own and include your experiences. I would love to read it.
I am very fond of the furnishings on the Express — it is apparent that whoever decorated the train truly put their heart into it. I wonder who it was?
I see. I am truly impressed by the attention to detail and taste of the conductor...
So this is a product of teamwork.
The fabric of the furniture is remarkably soft — I could lie here for days... All this needs is a slow, mellow tune on the phonograph, a pot of Whale-Tide Spring, and a few nimbus cakes...
To be here, reclining and watching shining constellations come and go as time passes one by... There could be nothing more pleasant.
Nothing but a fantasy. I was not fated for such an existence.
*sigh* I'm afraid there are still official matters to attend to. I must be leaving soon.
However, when work does slow down, I may return to the parlor car to put such leisure into practice.
Whenever I step foot aboard the Express, I feel the joy of being relieved of all of my burdens.
Whenever I step foot aboard the Express, I feel the joy of being relieved of all of my burdens.
I'm happy that he was able to find a new life.
He has a new life now. He is no longer the old friend I once knew.
When the Vidyadhara are reborn, they are as fish that have returned to the ocean... it is a state of complete freedom. That I may glance upon him from the shore is enough for me.
I hope that the Express crew will look after Dan Heng.
Companions... I have not heard that word in a very long time. Haha, how auspicious to be in the company of those on the same road.
Haha, well, I suppose that part of him has remained the same.
If the Express ever runs into trouble in its future endeavors, please remember that the Luofu will always be a sanctuary for you all.
If the Express ever runs into trouble in its future endeavors, please remember that the Luofu will always be a sanctuary for you all.
I wish to express my gratitude for the invitation to the Express.
I hear that you are very interested in these deep space stones. By way of thanks, I've taken it upon myself to gather some for you.
I'm not much of a collector. I hope you find the quality of these stones satisfactory.
I'm not much of a collector. I hope you find the quality of these stones satisfactory.
Oh? What do we have here? A Nameless, a Cloud Knight, a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission, and a street performer? Quite the group.
Haha, my retainer, Yanqing, has mentioned you. You are one of the only people on the Luofu that was able to deprive him of his sword.
So, what wind has brought you to the Seat of Divine Foresight?
I heard stories of a skirmish between a previous general and a monster of sorts — I'd always assumed they were an old wives' tale. I never imagined the villain of such tales would come to my doorstep seeking revenge. I must say, it seems a bit unfair that I should assume the debt for a conflict I had no involvement in.
Precisely! In principle, the instigator should bear the burden. Still...
General Teng Xiao is a venerated predecessor. If I am to honor his legacy, then sitting idly by is not an option. If an audience with the general of the Luofu is requested, then I will honor such a request.
I appreciate the Ten-Lords Commission having such high regard for my welfare. It is true I am rather inexperienced when it comes to heliobi, but as general of the Luofu, I cannot look on while these fugitive creatures wreak havoc on the populace.
I still have some paperwork that needs attending to — once I am finished, I will make my way to Fyxestroll Garden without delay.
Heliobus, is it not your deepest wish to hold a rematch with the general of the Luofu? I have come to grant you an audience.
I agreed to grant you an audience, not meet you in combat.
You misunderstand — I came for a rematch. It's just that... you are not a worthy opponent.
Teng Xiao, as general of the Luofu, was commander-in-chief of the Cloud Knights. Ignamar commanded the heliobi. The two were as great as the sky and the earth — equally matched like yin and yang. It is only natural that they were worthy opponents.
As it stands, I am the general of the Luofu... but you are no Ignamar. Merely a prisoner. If you wish to engage me in battle, you must follow my rules. Defeat my army — only then will I grant you the fight you seek.
That's right. You must defeat my four companions gathered here — then you will have proved yourself a worthy opponent.
It would serve you well not to underestimate them. They are as skilled in combat as they are tenacious in spirit. I worry they might pose a problem for you.
If you win, you can have your rematch. If you lose, you will answer one question of their choice — no lies, no tricks. Can you accept these terms?
You've lost, Cirrus.
Should you decide to try again, my offer still stands... but you must defeat them.
The clues are all pointing in the same direction now. It would be wise to strike while the iron is hot.
As soon as I finish my paperwork for the day, I will make my way to Fyxestroll Garden. Please, go ahead of me.
The heliobi are like a flame that burns eternal, with no need for sustenance. But alas, their curiosity got the best of them, and they became prisoners of humans. It is a pity.
...I lament that we share the same weaknesses.
Our situation is no different from that of the heliobi. From the moment we gain sentience, we are driven by desire and instinct, bound to our destiny, moving unceasingly towards our own demise.
The most important thing in a soldier is one's intuition for victory or defeat. And you have given me confidence in victory.
The ancient legends recount that the Xianzhou once faced an invasion by a great enemy that threatened the annihilation of every race aboard the Xianzhou ships. In order to save the Alliance, a hero made a pact with the Flint Emperor — the predecessor of all heliobi.
The Flint Emperor would aid the Xianzhou in battle, and if they were victorious, the hero and their followers would lose their physical bodies for eternity.
When the fighting had ceased, none of the heroes survived, and the Flint Emperor was gravely wounded. Thus, the pact was unable to be fulfilled. As the centuries came and went, the story faded from memory. But the heliobi remember.
They hold claim to this debt for all time. The great battle between General Teng Xiao and Ignamar was fought largely for this reason.
Aiding the Ten-Lords Commission in subduing the heliobi is a legitimate reason to take a leave of absence.
I shall treat it as a vacation and enjoy the scenery of Fyxestroll Garden — though I must admit, the wind here does chill the bones.
It seems that your operations have met with some success.
I've been browsing through some of the stories on Ghostly Grove myself — they make for good reading.
As the saying goes, serious divination concerns serious matters. It is inevitable that someone performing divination day in and day out for the Xianzhou would acquire inner demons, and heliobus can take advantage of those. Fortunately, with your help, Fu Xuan prevailed over her intruder.
Do you enjoy listening to storytellers and watching immersia?
In both cases, tales have a predetermined ending — but you shouldn't let that stop you from enjoying them, should you?
The same is true of life. Whether the end is predestined or not, it's worth living.
Very well, then. Miss Hanya is waiting for you by the suppression towers.
When times are good, heaven and earth work in harmony. When times are bad, even heroes struggle for freedom...
A heliobus that creates illusions for the sole purpose of instructing someone in swordplay? I wouldn't mind learning a few tricks from them myself... Unfortunately, it sounds like this one is a little too aggressive to be a decent sparring partner. This is not an adversary that someone as young as Yanqing is equipped to deal with.
I can understand your sense of urgency. But before I leave, I have a question for Cirrus, who has been listening this whole time — I trust you are familiar with Apyra...
My apprentice.
You know the flavor of sadness, but not its meaning. An apprentice obsessed with victory and defeat has lost his mind to a heliobus, and is now trying to shortcut his way to mastery of the sword. This is my failure to him as a master, and the source of the grief you see in me now.
He won't do it.
Yanqing would never draw his sword on me to prove himself. I have confidence in him.
This confidence is not a belief that he will win every contest... It is a belief that he will one day break free from the paradigm of victory and defeat and realize his true reason for wielding the sword... The pleasure of swordsmanship, the saving of life, and the dispatchment of enemies...
This truth must be discovered by himself — no one can teach it to him. Now is the time for him to take that step.
I know what you wish to say Yanqing. We can move past the melodrama.
With respect to this incident, what is your plan for posting on the Luofu's Ghostly Grove? Since it concerns the Seat of Divine Foresight, I am hoping you could...
Well then, Yanqing and I will take our leave now.
No, Yanqing.
Conceal your form and hide your intentions, don't fall for their distractions.
Defeat my army, and I'll give you the rematch you seek. My word holds true.
As I mentioned previously, when Teng Xiao and Ignamar fought, the scales were balanced.
But for you, Cirrus, this game was never about fairness, was it? And yet here we are — my power decidedly outmatches yours.
Notions of rules and equal competition are mere illusions. Now, if you don't mind, allow me to show you how the endgame is played.
Good.
I know of no "faint flicker" that could strategize such a fierce battle against one of the Reignbow Arbiter's generals.
The heliobi may reflect our desires, but their fervent blaze... is undeniably awe-inspiring. Neither General Teng Xiao nor myself would deride such a foe.
Next is eternal punishment. For an inextinguishable flame such as yourself, I see no punishment more fitting than to see you confined to a vacant abyss, forever lamenting your past transgressions.
Such is the fate that awaits you, Cirrus.
Cirrus's will to fight has been shattered — they can no longer pose a threat. Considering that everything here is now under control, I'll take my leave.
I merely fulfilled my duty, and kept my promise to Cirrus.
But the heliobus we dealt with will not be easily dismissed. Given sufficient time, and regardless of how slim the odds are, they will someday break the seal that binds them. However, that concern will fall to the generals of the future.
One cannot help but wonder how many Luofu generals this fragment of Ignamar will face in times to come. Speaking purely from the perspective of a warrior, I must say I feel somewhat envious.
That it may be, but they cause no shortage of trouble. Perhaps I could glean some wisdom from the Xianzhou Zhuming...
In my estimation, this heliobus was not an overwhelming problem for you. Besides, each of you has appeared to gain something from this series of events.
This excursion was not an official matter — I didn't report it to the counselors. What remains of it will be left to the Ten-Lords Commission, and once matters have concluded, I believe everyone present will be duly rewarded.
And as for you and the young Miss Guinaifen, rest assured you won't be short-changed. You see? Helping the general of the Luofu does have its perks. It's time I took my leave. Farewell.
Accept your defeat, you are bested.
Don't be too harsh, Yukong. If this gets out, the whole galaxy will think the Alliance has forgotten how to treat our guests.
Such a natural state of composure is rare — even on the Xianzhou... Inspiring...
 Clara: Hello... I'm Clara. Wanna be in my family? ...Like Mr. Svarog?Svarog: As long as I'm here, {NICKNAME} is your family.
 Clara: Hello... I'm Clara. Wanna be in my family? ...Like Mr. Svarog?Svarog: As long as I'm here, {NICKNAME} is your family.
Let's keep up the good work today!
I'm getting sleepy — time for a nap on Mr. Svarog's arm. Are you coming?
Memories are important. Even Mr. Svarog's calculations need to take them into account... I won't forget about you.
One time when I was playing house, I asked Perkins to get the door, and someone actually came to visit!
There are lots of interesting things stored in Mr. Svarog's memory bank, like... movies! It's like watching lots of people playing house together!
It's hard to get Mr. Svarog to act out a movie with me — he only wants to play trees or rocks... I wanted him to be the dad...
My robot friends can be rude sometimes, but deep down, they're kind and honest.
When Mr. Svarog's sleeping, his body makes a noise. It sounds like... snoring~
Natasha said I'm also a doctor — for my robot friends.
I remember one time Miss Seele saw me trying to pull a component out of a crack in the rocks. She smashed the rocks with one hand and walked away before I had time to say thank you...
Did you know Mr. Svarog's hands can turn into machines that dry my hair? Also, they can cut big stones and turn them into little tables and chairs...
Hook invited me to join The Moles. I want to, but I think Mr. Svarog's too big to play hide and seek with us...
Luka...? He's nice to people. I know he seems kinda impatient, but he's actually very caring.
One day I'll grow up and protect everyone! Mm!
Mr. Svarog has everything in his database.
Svarog: Threat index lowered.
Svarog: Threat index raised.
Clara: I need to be brave...
Clara: Time to do something...
Clara: Be careful, Mr. Svarog!
Svarog: Hide.
Svarog: Are you alright?Clara: I'm okay!
Clara: ...Ouch.
Clara: I want to protect everyone, too...
Clara: Help me, Mr. Svarog!
Svarog: Stay back, Clara.
Clara: Is everyone... okay...
Clara: I'm back.
Clara: Thanks. I'll never forget you.
Clara: Gah!
Clara: I hope I helped...
Clara: If you find any components... Can I have them?
Clara: Th—This is too precious!
Clara: W—We did it!
Svarog: High threat target ahead.
Clara: Don't worry, Mr. Svarog. We'll be safe here.
Clara: I—I'm not afraid of you!
Svarog: Eliminating threat.
Svarog: Commencing annihilation.
Svarog: As you command.
Clara: ...C—Can I have some?
Clara: I hope I did okay...
 Clara: Hello... I'm Clara. Wanna be in my family? ...Like Mr. Svarog?Svarog: As long as I'm here, {NICKNAME} is your family.
 Clara: Hello... I'm Clara. Wanna be in my family? ...Like Mr. Svarog?Svarog: As long as I'm here, {NICKNAME} is your family.
Let's keep up the good work today!
I'm getting sleepy — time for a nap on Mr. Svarog's arm. Are you coming?
Memories are important. Even Mr. Svarog's calculations need to take them into account... I won't forget about you.
One time when I was playing house, I asked Perkins to get the door, and someone actually came to visit!
There are lots of interesting things stored in Mr. Svarog's memory bank, like... movies! It's like watching lots of people playing house together!
It's hard to get Mr. Svarog to act out a movie with me — he only wants to play trees or rocks... I wanted him to be the dad...
My robot friends can be rude sometimes, but deep down, they're kind and honest.
When Mr. Svarog's sleeping, his body makes a noise. It sounds like... snoring~
Natasha said I'm also a doctor — for my robot friends.
I remember one time Miss Seele saw me trying to pull a component out of a crack in the rocks. She smashed the rocks with one hand and walked away before I had time to say thank you...
Did you know Mr. Svarog's hands can turn into machines that dry my hair? Also, they can cut big stones and turn them into little tables and chairs...
Hook invited me to join The Moles. I want to, but I think Mr. Svarog's too big to play hide and seek with us...
Luka...? He's nice to people. I know he seems kinda impatient, but he's actually very caring.
One day I'll grow up and protect everyone! Mm!
Mr. Svarog has everything in his database.
Svarog: Target threat index lowered.
Svarog: Target threat index raised.
Clara: I need to be brave...
Clara: Time to do something...
Clara: Be careful, Mr. Svarog!
Svarog: Hide.
Svarog: Are you alright?Clara: I'm okay!
Clara: ...Ouch.
Clara: I want to protect everyone, too...
Clara: Help me, Mr. Svarog!
Svarog: Stay back, Clara.
Clara: Is everyone... okay...
Clara: I'm back.
Clara: Thanks. I'll never forget you.
Clara: Gah!
Clara: I hope I helped...
Clara: If you find any components... Can I have them?
Clara: Th—This is too precious!
Clara: W—We did it!
Svarog: High threat target ahead.
Clara: Don't worry, Mr. Svarog. We'll be safe here.
Clara: I—I'm not afraid of you!
Svarog: Eliminating threat.
Svarog: Commencing annihilation.
Svarog: As you command.
Clara: ...C—Can I have some?
Clara: I hope I did okay...
Let's keep up the good work today!
I'm getting sleepy — time for a nap on Mr. Svarog's arm. Are you coming?
Memories are important. Even Mr. Svarog's calculations need to take them into account... I won't forget about you.
One time when I was playing house, I asked Perkins to get the door, and someone actually came to visit!
There are lots of interesting things stored in Mr. Svarog's memory bank, like... movies! It's like watching lots of people playing house together!
It's hard to get Mr. Svarog to act out a movie with me — he only wants to play trees or rocks... I wanted him to be the dad...
My robot friends can be rude sometimes, but deep down, they're kind and honest.
When Mr. Svarog's sleeping, his body makes a noise. It sounds like... snoring~
Natasha said I'm also a doctor — for my robot friends.
I remember one time Miss Seele saw me trying to pull a component out of a crack in the rocks. She smashed the rocks with one hand and walked away before I had time to say thank you...
Did you know Mr. Svarog's hands can turn into machines that dry my hair? Also, they can cut big stones and turn them into little tables and chairs...
Hook invited me to join The Moles. I want to, but I think Mr. Svarog's too big to play hide and seek with us...
Luka...? He's nice to people. I know he seems kinda impatient, but he's actually very caring.
"Photo..." Oh! I remember. When I was little, Mr. Svarog took a photo for me...
Huh...? Am I really that short? I thought...
Um... I was trying really hard not to blink...
If you have time... please come back and visit me and Mr. Svarog.
I don't think that's a monster... Mr. Svarog's database has information about it. It's called... hmm, I can't remember.
Um... I don't think that's how it works...
Miss Serval is cool, strong, and... carefree...
I want to be like her when I grow up so I can protect everyone... and protect Mr. Svarog!
This vein... So this is what everyone is fighting over...
Mr. Svarog, it's such a massive vein. I've never seen so much Geomarrow before...
...Right. I wanted Mr. Svarog to see that many miners and vagrants have gotten hurt because of the vein... Can you help them?
I know why you did it, Mr. Svarog! It's just... I don't think it'll be enough.
The mining team and Wildfire... they don't understand your actions... If only we could do more for them...
But, Mr. Svarog...
...Please, Mills, don't hit them too hard.
So this is... the Overworld? The air here smells... different.
H—Hello Miss... Are you...?
Huh? But if you have a guest, maybe I should...
Mr. Svarog went out for a walk with a lady called Topaz...
I'm not sure... but Mr. Svarog promised he'd be back soon...
Huh? Miss March, do you want to ask me something?
...
Uhh... That's complicated... I don't know what to say...
...
I... I think if we have a choice for the future, it should be everyone's decision.
Because... when I was playing with Hook, The Moles, and the other kids... We talked about our dreams...
Everyone has different dreams. If we accept Miss Topaz's offer, then doesn't that mean our dreams will never come true?
Just taking away people's dreams like that... I don't know... It feels wrong.
I think if we have a choice for the future, it should be everyone's decision.
Hook, Julian, and The Moles all have different dreams. I don't think anyone should take them away...
Well, something strange happened in the settlement recently. I'm asking the grownups who live nearby if they know anything about it.
Well, recently... a lot of the little robots in the settlement started behaving strangely. It's like they malfunctioned suddenly, all at the same time.
They started roaming around, breaking into people's tents, destroying their belongings... It was a real headache for the people living here.
Mr. Svarog scanned the robots for irregularities, but the results all came back normal.
Yeah, I guess...
Mr. Svarog scanned the robots for irregularities, but the results all came back normal.
So... I don't think it's a hardware issue.
Ah... thanks a lot! I was worried about handling the robots on my own... but with your help, it should be easy!
Of course! Just follow me.
Look, over there! There's definitely something wrong with that robot.
No, it must be malfunctioning... sorry little robot, but it looks like you're sick. I'm going to take off your shell and give you a checkup.
This component... doesn't seem like it belongs here.
Oh, of course.
I never imagined this would help you solve the case... That's great!
I'll do my best to help, too!
The grownups said that the spot where the malfunctioning robots appeared is in this direction...
The little robots in this area should all be back to normal now...
Let's start looking in the next area.
Don't worry! I'll keep your plan super secret, Miss Pela!
Poor little grizzly... there must be a lot of sculpture parts jammed inside.
Whew... all finished. This robot will reboot on its own after a while. Let's leave him be.
Miss Pela, here's all the sculpture pieces I found.
I know, how about we go talk to Mr. Svarog?
He might not be able to round up the robots, but I'm sure he'll have some good ideas.
Don't worry, Mr. Svarog has warmed up to guests a lot more now. I'll explain the whole situation to him. Here, this way.
Huh? Is Mr. Svarog... talking to other children?
That's not usually like him. I wonder what's going on?
Hello! What brings you two here today?
See, I told you Mr. Svarog had warmed up to guests.
People in the settlement have been smiling a lot more these days... and that makes me happy too.
I hope me and Mr. Svarog can make sure it stays that way... And if we ever get the chance, I want to show Mr. Svarog around the Overworld.
Perkins, don't! Stop!
Oh? I came here for these painkillers, too.
There are a lot of people hurt at the vagrant camp, I guess the miners are no different? *sigh* If everyone could just get along, things would be easier...
Perkins is protecting me. I'll be alright. I'm going to leave after I gather up these painkillers.
That would make sense. I'm sure a lot of miners are injured, right? *sigh* If everyone could just get along, things would be easier...
Mm... Here you are. I hope the medicine is of help to you...
No.
Mr. Svarog, he... he's my family. I met Mr. Svarog when I was real little. He took me in and took care of me.
I'm really sorry about what happened back in the Great Mine... Mr. Svarog doesn't trust any humans besides me, especially everyone from Wildfire.
Mr. Svarog doesn't want to hurt people, but he always follows the calculations of his analysis. He thinks that interaction with humans is... inefficient.
He heard that the miners and vagrants had begun to engage in a large-scale conflict... He wanted to stop everyone from getting hurt fighting over the mines.
Wildfire wants everyone to leave the underground... But Mr. Svarog wants everyone to stay here. According to his calculations, the overground is already unsafe.
Yes, at least according to Mr. Svarog's calculations...
No, there can't be... Mr. Svarog is healthy, his system is always being maintained.
Yes... Mr. Svarog is very stubborn.
He says that his responsibility is "preservation." To do that, he must make decisions that best protect humanity.
I know that Wildfire wants to talk to Mr. Svarog... But no matter how many times you talk to him, Mr. Svarog won't change his mind...
So, please trust me! I'll try to persuade Mr. Svarog. Hopefully, one day he will finally listen...
You're... Miss Seele from Wildfire? I came here to...
N—No, it's not like that. I wasn't made to do anything... It's just that, the living conditions for the vagrants aren't great. There's not even a clinic in their camp. So, I wanted to help them out.
Also, not all of them are bad people... everyone just wants to survive.
Miss Seele, did this medicine belong to Miss Natasha? Then... can you give me some? The vagrants' injuries are quite serious.
R—Really? We don't need to ask Miss Natasha first?
Great, thank you, Miss Seele...
I—It's fine, I have Perkins for company. And... I have some more things I need to look for here first.
Look, Pascal's over there! Who's standing next to it?
Huh? Isn't that a Grizzly robot? Let's go take a look!
Pascal! Who did this to you?
A Fragmentum creature!? What are you talking about?
How is that possible? Pascal is obviously a robot, just like you!
It's telling the truth... Mr. Svarog made a promise to me, and he never betrays his promises.
Could it have malfunctioned? It appears to be normal...
No, it's going to attack Pascal! We have to stop it!
Oh no! It seems to think we're its enemies as well...
The only thing that puzzles me is why the big fella mistook Pascal for a Fragmentum creature.
Hmm, I can't figure it out... Well, let's not worry about that now.
Anyway, I'll take this core back and examine it. Now, let's insert Pascal's core into the big fella's shell.
Pascal, you're back to normal!
Um... No, there's one more thing... We still need to find out why Pascal was stealing parts in the first place.
Hmm... We still need to ask Pascal why he was stealing parts in the first place.
Pascal... Could you please, uh... explain why you were stealing parts...?
Workshop? Oh, do you mean the Tempering Workshop in Rivet Town?
Ah... Pascal ran off!
He went in that direction... I think he wants us to follow him!
Up ahead... Is that an abandoned restaurant?
I think this place used to be a restaurant. One time, I found a bunch of canned food here... The vagrants in the camp were so happy.
However, I've always wondered...
The light here... Why is it still on? This place has clearly been abandoned for a long time...
I don't think so... No one should be living here. I never saw anyone when I came here to hunt for supplies.
Ah!? Are you saying we're... not alone...?
No, no, no... Ghosts don't exist...
Anyway, someone must be looking after this place. But who?
And why...?
Pascal's trail leads in that direction. Let's follow it.
Hey, this is the Tempering Workshop. And look, Pascal is here.
Huh? Could it be... Pascal has been repairing this abandoned town?
It seems that Pascal was stealing parts because he wants to repair the town.
Has Pascal been waiting for Rivet Town's evacuated residents to return?
Pascal has been looking after the town so that everyone can go back to their previous lives when they return...
Ahh. This appears to be the secret base where Pascal keeps the parts.
Although we now know why he took them, there are still many unanswered questions. For example...
Right. But I don't think Pascal will give us a straightforward answer on this one...
Hmm... I wonder if we can find any clues here?
Stealing is always wrong, and Pascal needs to learn that.
This must be the result of Pascal's meticulous repairs... but the little fella doesn't really need the monitor, does he?
Hmm... Hey! Those look like handprints on the side of the cabinet — human handprints. Could this monitor have been recently used by someone?
These pages are so neatly cut out... Oh, and they smell like Geomarrow Fuel.
Is there someone here in Rivet Town doing this...? Or could Pascal have collected the pages and put them together?
Huh? What's this? A diary?
Wow. Such neat handwriting... no, wait a minute, I think this was printed onto the cover...
...Could it be Pascal's?
...
Pascal...
So that's what happened...
I don't know...
That is correct...
So Pascal used to be a robot guardian of Rivet Town...
Pascal's backup power was activated for some reason shortly after the residents were evacuated...
It woke up to discover that the whole place had been abandoned. So, it decided to collect parts, repair the town, and wait for everyone to return...
However, for some reason, Pascal keeps getting attacked by his fellow robots, because the automatons think he's a Fragmentum creature.
I'm not sure, but I suspect Pascal's tormented sense of self stems from him being constantly attacked by his fellow robots.
The module used to detect emotions was frequently damaged, eventually turning him into a small robot that did nothing but collect parts.
At least, that's my theory. Still, that doesn't explain why Pascal is being treated as a Fragmentum creature...
I don't know... I can't find the answer in Pascal's diary.
Pascal, why do your peers keep rejecting you...
Pascal's consciousness does not appear to have returned to the level shown in the diary...
I see. Thank you so much, Pascal.
You can stop gathering parts for the time being. Just stay here and wait for us to return and give you your next orders, alright?
Th—Thanks, everyone. I'm fine. Just a few scratches.
There's a fault with one of the energy supply units at the base. If I don't repair it soon, everyone at the settlement will be affected.
I knew there was a workshop in this town, so I wanted to try my luck here. I found all the components I need, but then I ran into a monster...
You guys saved me — I'll tell Mr. Svarog about it.
...Huh? What do you need to see him for? I can pass him a message...
But... Mr. Svarog doesn't like talking to others, especially Wildfire...
Um... I know you're working hard for the people down here, but Mr. Svarog doesn't trust human emotions. He only trusts his calculation results.
So, I can't take you to see him... If Mr. Svarog and you had a fight, someone would get hurt for sure. Maybe even bystanders...
I know Mr. Svarog. He isn't affected by other people's wishes. He only follows logical judgments.
Terrible things are happening on this world... Mr. Svarog thinks that the Overworld will end soon.
According to his calculation results, the strength of the Underworlders won't be enough to prevent the disaster.
His plan is to keep the Underworlders away from the source of the disaster, so they can survive for longer...
I'll definitely return the favor! But not like this...
I'm sorry... I really can't help you with this.
I'm always trying to convince Mr. Svarog. Please give me more time...
Um, if you don't mind... I still have important things to do. I'll go back now.
Hmm... why won't it...
Argh... I can't figure it out...
...Oh, it's you. You came with me after all.
You keep saying that, but...
Huh? How did you know?
...Yeah. I've fixed a lot of things before, but I never had to repair one as complicated as this.
I don't want to disturb him. This installation was... accidentally damaged by two of the vagrants. If Mr. Svarog finds out, they'll get in big trouble...
Can we really fix this?
Whoa! It lit up! Thanks guys!
Yes. The people on the outskirts don't need to worry about heat or light now.
Umm...
I understand. You helped a lot of injured people in the mine, and you risked going into the town for supplies. You're good people.
I know that you're good people. You helped a lot of the injured in the mine, and you risked going into the town for supplies.
If there's any other way I can help you, I'll do my best! But this...
Well, uhh... you do look very different from other people.
It was... a long time ago. The same time the Underworld was sealed off, I think...
Different planet...?
D—Don't treat me like a child! Those are just made-up stories that grown-ups like to tell. I don't...
Bronya, do you really...
...
I... Okay. I'll take you to see Mr. Svarog.
...Mm. I understand now.
Trying to change Mr. Svarog's mind on my own would take forever. Even if I kept trying until I was all grown up, I don't think I could do it.
And all the while, people would be getting sick, losing their homes, and fighting... just like in the mine.
I don't want that to happen. If you guys really believe that you can convince Mr. Svarog... then I need to be brave too.
Everyone, follow me.
...I'm back, Timmy.
Timmy, open the gate please. I want to see Mr. Svarog.
It's okay. They're all my guests.
Uhh... If you can, please try not to upset Mr. Svarog...
I'm back, Mr. Svarog.
Mr. Svarog... they want to talk to you about going to the surface.
Mr. Svarog! Please, don't—
Mr. Svarog can't fight anymore! Please... Please don't hurt him!
Mr. Svarog... Don't push yourself any further. Can you tell them what you know?
Mr. Svarog, you said you were willing to make all my wishes come true, right? My biggest wish right now is for everyone to work together. Like... like family.
Recently, I learned something new... Calculation results can't always bring people happiness.
Even if the world outside the cage isn't beautiful... people still want to know what it's like.
Mr. Svarog, are you okay? Let me repair your language module first...
Did your memory module get damaged? Maybe I can fix that too.
S—So, your memory module is okay?
...Even the one about sleeping in?
Mr. Svarog, can I delete some of them...?
...I understand.
Mr. Svarog, I still want to help you check a few other modules... Turn around a little.
Ah! It's the variables!
There was a huge shaking just now coming up through the ground. Mr. Svarog said it... must have been...
March, everyone... thank you so much! I wasn't sure you guys would be able to do it, but...
But now... Mr. Svarog, what do you say?
You guys said you were travelers from other worlds, right? I want to be just like you... One day, I'm gonna go traveling to faraway places and make new friends.
The thief has stolen parts again? How am I going to track down this crook?
There have been a few unusual thefts in the dwelling over the past few days.
The vagrants say that the parts they worked so hard to obtain have completely vanished. They're worried that there's a thief in the camp...
Despite our investigations, no one has been able to track down the thief. What's even stranger is that the thief appears to be only interested in stealing parts, and doesn't care about other valuable items...
The vagrants had no choice but to ask Mr. Svarog to look into it, but he still hasn't found anything... I investigated the matter myself, but I came up empty-handed...
Jeez... I'm baffled. What a strange thief...
It's just... I haven't found enough clues yet. The thief is really tricky. They haven't left any traces in the dwelling...
But if you're willing to help look into this case, perhaps we can uncover some clues that I missed.
Oh! I heard the vagrants on patrol last night ran across the thief again, but I haven't had time to look into it... Should we go ask them?
That sounds kinda weird...
Sir, how are you? I heard you saw the thief who stole the parts last night. Can you tell us what happened?
It sounds bizarre, but it could be a clue. I'll jot it down.
I—I'm also terrified! But I still have to jot down the important clues...
Sir, please take a deep breath... So, the thief was armed with a metal weapon and had a... um, square head... correct?
It seems that's everything... We now know one of the culprit's physical traits and that he is extremely violent. But how can we track him down?
They point in that direction... Let's go take a look.
And look at these! How unusual... They don't appear to have been left by a human...
This is where the mechanical waste is disposed of though. Could it be...
Um, I don't think the culprit actually likes waste heaps. He probably uses them as a hiding spot... Oh, maybe he hid the stolen parts here too!
Hey! You're being too loud... If the culprit is nearby, he'll just run away!
Let's split up... Wait, what's that noise?
It's a... tiny robot? Is it searching for something? But... I don't remember Mr. Svarog issuing an order like this recently...
It looks like it's carrying the vagrants' missing parts...
And those tracks and metal scratches we noticed earlier...
Hmm... That would be quite strange, yet such a scenario can't be ruled out.
Yes... This robot model probably doesn't have any kind of metal weapon.
This small robot... doesn't appear to be a Belobog creation. It looks like it's been welded together from random scrap metal materials... Huh, it appears to have a small mechanical arm...
Ah, it's noticed us!
I—I don't understand what it's saying... but it doesn't appear to be trying to flee or attack us...
It appears to be trying to say something: I, human, please, don't hurt...
...Is it trying to say: "Please don't hurt me, humans"?
It appears to have a malfunction, but I think I can understand it...
It seems that it needs these parts, and it's begging us not to hurt it...
I—I've never seen a robot with this kind of malfunction before... What happened to it...?
Although this small robot appears to want to communicate, its speech is all scrambled...
Perhaps there's an issue with its language module. This little guy probably can't understand what we're saying either...
Ah! It's running away!
No! We can't let it escape! It still has the vagrants' parts!
...
Why?
It seems to have stopped working...
Was it begging for mercy? I'm not sure what happened either.
Yes, but why?
I... feel bad about this...
I guess we should return this little fella and the parts. I think I can... I'll repair it.
And if I can't, I'll ask Mr. Svarog for help. He always knows what to do...
While Mr. Svarog is assessing this little fella, let's give it a quick checkup ourselves.
Huh? This paint job and these custom parts. And the way the parts are attached... It's all quite strange.
But one thing is for certain... This little fella is not under remote control. He's operating entirely of his own accord...
Its design is, well, unique. I've never seen a robot with a design like this before.
It really seems like something that was thrown together rather quickly. Its creator most likely didn't consider whether the system would function properly or not...
Is it a failed robot pet creation that has been abandoned...?
But if it's a pet... then why would it gather parts itself?
I've heard that some vagrants in the dwelling keep the little robots they find as pets.
Some vagrants also make modifications to their pets, which they call... pet upgrades.
Pets like that are pretty rare, but some of the folks who have them have formed a small community to share ideas. Some are interested in nurturing robots. Others... force them into battle.
If my memory serves me right, the parts this little fella stole were originally designed for that kind of pet upgrade.
The vagrants... or, to be more accurate, the majority of people in the Underworld regard robots as nothing more than tools.
But I disagree. Robots have their own thoughts and feelings...
*sigh*... This robot pet phenomenon really gets to me.
Erm... I'm sorry, I just suddenly felt some strong emotions. Let's get back to work on repairing the small robot.
This jack's placement is... odd. The chip is buried deep inside. If you don't look closely enough, you won't even find it...
You can always rely on Mr. Svarog to come up with a brilliant idea! So, I guess we'll have to go find a new robot shell to fix it, right?
Hmm... I'm not sure if anyone sells this kind of thing, however...
Please don't use violent methods to solve this issue. There are other options...
There must be some robot shells lying around the machine graveyard. Everyone calls it a graveyard, but there are actually lots of useful parts buried there.
Please, please don't say things like that. You'll upset me...
Don't worry, Mr. Svarog. I'm fine.
This shell... Hmm... It doesn't appear to be the same design as this little fella's...
I've finished extracting that chip from the small robot. Now all that's left to do is move all of this circuitry into the new shell...
Although its appearance has changed a lot, I think we did a good job.
Hmm, but what I just did... Is it any different from those pet upgrades that the vagrants perform...?
Huh? It's making a strange sound.
Wh—What's going on? Is it malfunctioning?
Why did the little fella... Was there a compatibility issue?
It appears to have adjusted to its new shell after the battle. That's great...
But... I'd like to keep a closer eye on it for a while. Compatibility tests should take a few days. Hopefully, it will be all back to normal by then.
Mr. Svarog, I'd like to give this little fella a name. Any ideas for a good name?
Hehe, Good boy. Pascal.
I know this is the most sensible option, but Pascal...
Yes, the little fella is alive and well again. It's just that... some parts aren't completely back to normal yet.
Yes! Mr. Svarog and I spent a long time coming up with a suitable name...
Well... How should I put it...
Absolutely not! I'm not going to give up...
Simply put, Pascal's brain is filled with junk information of unknown origin. This junk, along with hardware that's incompatible with his core, caused him to lose his ability to communicate.
Fortunately, apart from the language module, Pascal is still functioning properly...
Mr. Svarog, I understand, but I think Pascal is different. He possesses a quality that other small robots don't have...
In some ways, I believe he is similar to Mr. Svarog. I can't overlook this unique quality...
I'd like to recap what I discussed with Mr. Svarog earlier.
Phew... As long as you're not really annoyed with me.
Let's begin by doing exactly what we did before. Find a new shell, put Pascal's core in it, and see if the hardware is compatible.
There are all kinds of abandoned robots in the machine graveyard. Let's go take a look.
It's the same old place. Everywhere you look, there are robots that have lost the ability to function...
This is an Automaton Direwolf, but it appears to have been modified. It's most likely another abandoned robot pet...
Argh...
Here it is! This is the core. I'll pack it up and take it with us...
It's okay, I'm strong too! I'll tuck the core in a little tighter so it doesn't fall out...
Judging from how active the robot was, its core isn't just scrap metal. It should be repairable.
I can't let any robot go to waste if it can be repaired. So... I'm going to try to fix them all.
Let's start with Pascal. We found him first, after all. Also, like Mr. Svarog warned, if he's not supervised, he might cause trouble...
You know, I have a large safe full of core modules that I've gathered around the Underworld.
Every day, I try to figure out how to repair some of them and return the robots to normal. Except... there are a lot more than Mr. Svarog and I can handle on our own.
But I'm sure I can fix them all one day... We can't relax yet. We must work harder!
Really? I can't wait!
Ah, I was talking so much that I totally lost track of time.
Let's head back, otherwise Mr. Svarog and Pascal will get worried.
Mr. Svarog, we're back.
It appears we don't have much time left. Mr. Svarog, have you discovered anything else?
Okay... Then you can tell me first, Mr. Svarog.
It appears that the trail has gone cold yet again.
It appears so. I'm not sure what he's trying to say though.
I'm not sure, but if we can narrow it down to the three automatons, then...
Maybe there's still a chance...
Pascal is becoming increasingly unstable... We should change his shell.
Pascal, I'm going to change your shell. Don't worry, it won't hurt...
Still not functioning properly? What's wrong, Pascal?
Pascal!? No... He's running away!
No, Mr. Svarog! Please, don't...
Please leave Pascal to me. It was my decision to keep him in the first place, so I must take full responsibility.
I'm certain Pascal won't do anything to harm anyone, but if something goes wrong...
Please let me handle this myself. Please, Mr. Svarog!
I... can't shirk my responsibilities. I'll do it.
That's right... This all started with me and can only end with me.
I'm certain Pascal would never do anything to harm anyone.
Pascal possesses a quality that other small robots lack. It's kind of similar to the emotions we humans have.
I've only ever seen this quality in Mr. Svarog...
I feel... a warmth from these emotions. I feel drawn to this quality, and try to respond back in my own way...
But I'm also aware that not all emotions in this world are positive... If there are too many negative emotions that go unchecked, then someone needs to step in and stop them.
The only things that can stop such negative emotions are rationality and responsibility. This is a valuable lesson I've learned from Mr. Svarog.
Mr. Svarog, I want to help Pascal overcome those negative emotions. I want to take on this responsibility.
That way... I won't have to hide behind Mr. Svarog anymore.
Thank you, Mr. Svarog.
So that's what happened, Mr. Svarog. But there's one thing I don't understand... Why is Pascal being treated as a Fragmentum creature?
I see... Has Mr. Svarog ever witnessed a similar incident anywhere in the network?
But, Mr. Svarog is different.
Mr. Svarog always takes all factors into account and handles problems logically... I can't do that myself yet.
So, what should we do with Pascal?
But, once the formatting is complete, Pascal's emotional intelligence will vanish...
...
Is there no other option...?
I understand.
But I don't think I'm ready to give up on Pascal just yet.
We've helped Pascal find compatible hardware. If we can eliminate the muddled information without damaging the sectors linked to his emotional intelligence...
No, I can't just give up. There has to be another way!
...
It's okay, Mr. Svarog and I can come up with a solution.
...Maybe there's another way.
We can install a "lock" in Pascal's core.
Clear the redundant data and locate the core sectors that are still intact. Then, we can install a new suite of operational programs.
This suite of programs can regulate Pascal's behavior and prevent him from hurting people.
With this method, we might be able to retain as much of Pascal's emotional intelligence as possible while keeping him out of trouble...
If we can keep Pascal's emotional intelligence, I might be able to teach him to treat people with kindness. What do you think, Mr. Svarog?
And if that happens, I'll do it again. And if it happens again, I'll go through the exact same steps. I'll guide him and fix him. No matter how many times it happens, I'll be there to help Pascal...
...
What should we do with Pascal?
Okay. I'll think about it some more too.
I understand that, but...
I understand that crimes should be punished, but I think Pascal deserves another chance.
He only wants everyone to return safely to Rivet Town and live their peaceful lives like before.
I think that anyone with emotion should be treated with dignity, regardless of whether they are a human or robot.
I'm confident that I can prevent Pascal from stealing and harming others.
I said I will stay with Pascal until the end, but I'm actually scared too.
I can't imagine it... How will I feel when I have to face Pascal after being forgotten so many times?
What if I feel like giving up? What happens then?
Perhaps it's best to let go now, while my feelings for Pascal aren't as strong?
Mr. Svarog's warnings about the potential risks do make me nervous.
Did Mr. Svarog consider that for me? Maybe I shouldn't disappoint him...
Mr. Svarog believes Pascal will harm someone else eventually... which is why he keeps telling me to let go.
No, I don't think so. Humans and machines should coexist as equals. Isn't Mr. Svarog also a machine?
I see. Maybe Mr. Svarog believes Pascal will harm someone else eventually, which is why he keeps telling me to let go.
True. Mr. Svarog is always there for me.
Maybe Mr. Svarog believes Pascal will harm someone else eventually, which is why he keeps telling me to let go.
If you feel it's necessary, we'll do what Mr. Svarog suggested... But until you're sure, I'll keep trying to find a way to save Pascal's emotions and memories...
Okay... I need some time to emotionally prepare myself anyway.
...
Please, Mr. Svarog...
...
...
...Pascal, we're back.
Now... please be a good boy and don't move.
Pascal, we've got Mr. Svarog to help treat your illness. He'll help you recover.
Mr. Svarog, let's get started...
I hope I made the right decision...
...Is it done?
Yes... he's Pascal.
Yes, that's what I was talking about... Something strange has happened.
Mr. Svarog helped to format Pascal and integrate him into the base network, but after that...
Look how excited they are about you! I've never met anyone for the first time that was so happy to see me...
I was wondering... is it because they share Pascal's emotions?
Yeah, it's like Pascal is always with us.
It's a nice feeling... just like the one I had before.
That's what Mr. Svarog said. He said Pascal's emotional intelligence was like a virus that infected the entire base network at some point.
...Mr. Svarog chose not to get rid of it. Isn't that the most convincing proof?
Good boy, Pascal!
He's been doing great — Mr. Svarog's programs are extremely effective... It's just hard to know if it will last...
Oh, I tried to fix Pascal's language module by installing a new chip.
...It didn't seem to make much difference though. Still, at least we can understand what he's saying... I'll leave him alone for now.
Hehe, you're in good health, Pascal. Today's checkup is over — shall we head back now?
...Huh?
...Thank you, Pascal.
The Express really does fly up in the sky...
We must be really high up here, right? Much higher than Mr. Svarog's shoulders...
...I feel like I'm dreaming.
I know... I think I'll be too excited to sleep tonight...
Mm-hmm, it's just like a movie... Actually, I've never seen a movie with views like this before...
Next time, I'll have to convince Mr. Svarog to come along.
I love it!
The Express really does fly up in the sky... Next time, I'll have to convince Mr. Svarog to come along.
I love it!
Himeko just told me that the Express has been stranded before...
She said it took a lot of hard work to get it back on track. I bet it was difficult.
Not to mention routine maintenance... If possible, you should let me help fix the Express, too!
No, it's no trouble at all! I've still got lots to learn, and lots of questions to ask Miss Himeko and Pom-Pom.
Like... How can we get Perkins to fly — how can we get him to fly to super high places like the Express?
Looking forward to it~
I've still got lots to learn, and lots of questions to ask Miss Himeko and Pom-Pom.
Like... How can we get Perkins to fly — how can we get him to fly to super high places like the Express?
Looking forward to it~
I asked Mr. Svarog if he'd like to come with me. But he said he couldn't...
He said: "I must continue to monitor the risk factors endangering Belobog. I cannot leave Jarilo-VI." But he also said that I could recount my experience on the Express and he'd store the information in his database.
That's why I want to find a way to record the scenery, it's just... there's so much to see. My eyes can't take it all in...
...Oh! I've got an idea. I can take some pictures with my phone and show them to Mr. Svarog!
Speaking of my phone, where did I put it...
I'll record this scenery then...
I think I forgot to bring my phone with me...
Pom-Pom looks really cute when they walk...
Not to mention how fluffy and soft they are...
I wish I could take Pom-Pom back to Belobog!
Yeah... they did mention that to me. I wish they could...
You're right... I poked my head into the engine room and Pom-Pom acted like an angry puppy...
...Anyway, it's nice to spend time with such a cute conductor!
Pom-Pom looks really cute when they walk...
Not to mention how fluffy and soft they are...
I wish I could take Pom-Pom back to Belobog!
I just finished talking to Mr. Yang. He was telling me about movies on other planets that have robots in them!
They sounded so cool! They're really huge and they have wings!
They launch themselves into the sky and even into outer space!
I'm thinking... If I put a pair of wings on Mr. Svarog, would he be able to fly around the universe like in the movies?
Yeah! Sounds like one of those cool movie lines!
If I can fly around the universe one day too, I'll come up with my own cool thing to say!
Anyway... I'll talk to Mr. Svarog first and see if he likes the idea!
The movie robots sound so cool! They're really huge and they have wings!
They launch themselves into the sky and even into outer space!
I'm thinking... If I put a pair of wings on Mr. Svarog, would he be able to fly around the universe like in the movies?
Huh? Stellar Jade? What's that?
I went to the Tempering Workshop in Rivet Town a while ago and found some nice-looking pebbles — there was a note on the side.
Mr. Svarog has been calculating the odds...
...
Oh! It's here, we found it! Thank you, Perkins!
My name is Gepard Landau, I'm a captain of the Silvermane Guards. If you discover anything suspicious in the city, you can always report it to me.
You're here. I just finished training.
My apologies, I still have an assignment to attend to. I'll have to see you off from here.
As a Silvermane Guard, I observe the oath not because I fear to go against it, but because I am obliged to uphold it.
Belobog is far from buried in the snow curtain. This city is the planet's last bastion against the ferocity of the Eternal Freeze.
I grow flowers, *sigh* ...It's just that I'm not very good at it.
My sister's songs are very popular among the Guards — there's always someone singing one when we're off duty. Recently I've found myself humming them without realizing, even when I'm on duty... *sigh*
The Landau family has had the honor and responsibility of serving the supreme guardians for generations. Only by becoming a shield for the people is one worthy of the title "Architect."
Lately, many children have come to ask me how to become a captain... *sigh* To be honest, the best advice I can give is to keep training and have a balanced diet.
Lady Bronya has ventured deep into the most dangerous regions of the front line with us — many times for that matter.
Many people seem to like talking about how my sister changed since she left the Guards, but in reality... she's exactly the same person.
I heard my sister started asking Pela to look after my flowers when I'm away... I hope it's not too much trouble for her.
I've always firmly believed that no one knows this city better or loves it more than the supreme guardian.
He's very... cunning. According to leads provided by citizens, he's got his hands on a number of ancient relics. He sold off most of them, but it seems he's using others to commit various frauds.
My little sister has a... peculiar streak. No, no, I don't mean a bad temper... *sigh* Let's just say she reminds me more of Serval than me.
Essential to a Silvermane Guard's progression.
This ends here.
Strengthen our defenses.
I hope you're prepared.
*Ahem* We have a situation at hand.
The die is cast.
Is that all?
It'll heal.
In the name of Landau.
Years of cold hardens the will. We shall never fall!
I'm here to the end.
I... can't...
I'm still needed.
You have my gratitude.
I'm with you.
We caught them unawares!
A little goes a long way.
We should put these to good use.
Well done.
Seize the initiative.
If we're not on patrol, we should get some rest.
You will know justice.
Allocate these resources appropriately.
Practice makes perfect.
My name is Gepard Landau, I'm a captain of the Silvermane Guards. If you discover anything suspicious in the city, you can always report it to me.
You're here. I just finished training.
My apologies, I still have an assignment to attend to. I'll have to see you off from here.
As a Silvermane Guard, I observe the oath not because I fear to go against it, but because I am obliged to uphold it.
Belobog is far from buried in the snow curtain. This city is the planet's last bastion against the ferocity of the Eternal Freeze.
I grow flowers, *sigh* ...It's just that I'm not very good at it.
My sister's songs are very popular among the Guards — there's always someone singing one when we're off duty. Recently I've found myself humming them without realizing, even when I'm on duty... *sigh*
The Landau family has had the honor and responsibility of serving the supreme guardians for generations. Only by becoming a shield for the people is one worthy of the title "Architect."
Lately, many children have come to ask me how to become a captain... *sigh* To be honest, the best advice I can give is to keep training and have a balanced diet.
Lady Bronya has ventured deep into the most dangerous regions of the front line with us — many times for that matter.
Many people seem to like talking about how my sister changed since she left the Guards, but in reality... she's exactly the same person.
I heard my sister started asking Pela to look after my flowers when I'm away... I hope it's not too much trouble for her.
I've always firmly believed that no one knows this city better or loves it more than the supreme guardian.
He's very... cunning. According to leads provided by citizens, he's got his hands on a number of ancient relics. He sold off most of them, but it seems he's using others to commit various frauds.
My little sister has a... peculiar streak. No, no, I don't mean a bad temper... *sigh* Let's just say she reminds me more of Serval than me.
Essential to a Silvermane Guard's progression.
This ends here.
Strengthen our defenses.
I hope you're prepared.
*Ahem* We have a situation at hand.
The die is cast.
Is that all?
It'll heal.
In the name of Landau.
Years of cold hardens the will. We shall never fall!
I'm here to the end.
I... can't...
I'm still needed.
You have my gratitude.
I'm with you.
We caught them unawares!
A little goes a long way.
We should put these to good use.
Well done.
Seize the initiative.
If we're not on patrol, we should get some rest.
You will know justice.
Allocate these resources appropriately.
Practice makes perfect.
My name is Gepard Landau, I'm a captain of the Silvermane Guards. If you discover anything suspicious in the city, you can always report it to me.
You're here. I just finished training.
My apologies, I still have an assignment to attend to. I'll have to see you off from here.
As a Silvermane Guard, I observe the oath not because I fear to go against it, but because I am obliged to uphold it.
Belobog is far from buried in the snow curtain. This city is the planet's last bastion against the ferocity of the Eternal Freeze.
I grow flowers, *sigh* ...It's just that I'm not very good at it.
My sister's songs are very popular among the Guards — there's always someone singing one when we're off duty. Recently I've found myself humming them without realizing, even when I'm on duty... *sigh*
The Landau family has had the honor and responsibility of serving the supreme guardians for generations. Only by becoming a shield for the people is one worthy of the title "Architect."
Lately, many children have come to ask me how to become a captain... *sigh* To be honest, the best advice I can give is to keep training and have a balanced diet.
Lady Bronya has ventured deep into the most dangerous regions of the front line with us — many times for that matter.
Many people seem to like talking about how my sister changed since she left the Guards, but in reality... she's exactly the same person.
I heard my sister started asking Pela to look after my flowers when I'm away... I hope it's not too much trouble for her.
I've always firmly believed that no one knows this city better or loves it more than the supreme guardian.
He's very... cunning. According to leads provided by citizens, he's got his hands on a number of ancient relics. He sold off most of them, but it seems he's using others to commit various frauds.
My little sister has a... peculiar streak. No, no, I don't mean a bad temper... *sigh* Let's just say she reminds me more of Serval than me.
...That's because you're in Belobog, the last bastion of humanity.
...
Seven hundred years ago, {RUBY_B#Antimatter Legion}monsters{RUBY_E#} from beyond the sky set the world ablaze. The land was turned to scorched earth, with raging infernos and billowing towers of smoke stretching beyond the horizon.
In the midst of the conflict, the Eternal Freeze descended without warning. Suddenly, sweeping winds brought blizzards which buried the invading Legion. Belobog was all that remained.
The steadfast Architects built this city. Under the protection of Qlipoth {RUBY_B#Aeon}the Preservation{RUBY_E#}, Belobog remains forever warm in the face of unrelenting cold.
You wanted to know.
We're here.
This is Qlipoth Fort, the heart of Belobog and headquarters of the Architects.
{RUBY_B#Aeon}Qlipoth{RUBY_E#} is the symbol of Preservation. Under Qlipoth's impulsion, the Architects constructed Belobog, thus protecting the spark of civilization from disaster and the Eternal Freeze.
To show our reverence, we named this fortress after the Aeon themself. The Architects, under the protection of Qlipoth, have continued to lead this city forward, repelling all manner of disasters.
The saviors of humanity. Long before the arrival of the Eternal Freeze, the Architects braved the doubts and derision of the people, never wavering from their construction of its defenses. History has proven that their decision was the correct one.
The Architects named this fortress after Qlipoth, Aeon of Preservation. Under their direction, humanity has withstood external enemy attacks and held off the Eternal Freeze. Even today, we resist the Fragmentum's corrosion.
This fortress is also the residence of the supreme guardian.
The leader of Belobog, elected and appointed by the Architects. The supreme guardians have watched over this city for generations, sheltering the people from harm.
The current guardian is Madam Cocolia Rand. Every major strategic decision is issued by her.
I will now bring you to see Madam Cocolia. Please have your words at the ready. Her time is precious, so she prefers concise communication.
Rest easy, the Madam Guardian doesn't care about formalities. Not to mention, you've only just arrived, it would be unexpected if you were familiar with Belobog customs.
I've dispatched a messenger to send word, Madam Cocolia will be aware of your arrival. Come with me.
Madam Guardian, I have brought three {RUBY_B#Interstellar Travelers}outsiders{RUBY_E#} to see you.
It seems that the supreme guardian holds you in high regard. I have received orders that your movements are no longer to be restricted.
Haha. I'm afraid I still have duties to attend to. I must return to my post. I hope you enjoy your stay in Belobog.
Well, I'd say that Golden Theater and the History Museum are both worth a look. However, you'd need a pass to get into the museum.
I recommend you visit Everwinter Monument first — it's Belobog's most symbolic landmark.
And if you enjoy music, you could head to Neverwinter Workshop. You can sometimes catch an outdoor performance there. The artist is... *sigh* You'll see.
Oh, and if you're staying at Goethe Hotel, please avoid the alley that runs next to it — the one with Silvermane Guards stationed there. It started to be affected by corrosion recently, so it's been sealed off.
Yes, we're mounting a resistance as we speak. I must leave now, I hope all goes well for you.
How do you... That's right. Out there in the blizzard, there are still many threats... including the monsters you saw.
The Silvermane Guards are continuously engaged with the enemy, but I'm afraid the situation is bleak... After your meeting with the supreme guardian, I would like to consult you on this matter. *sigh* We're lacking in intel.
No. Does that have to do with the monsters? Perhaps the Madam Guardian will be familiar.
Things are manageable, the latest wave of monster attacks has slowed. I'm back in the city to take care of a few matters, but I'll be back on the front line later... I thought I told you?
...Sis, you look a bit pale. Did something happen?
You don't normally use my full name.
...You can call me whatever you like. Look Serval, I'm here on official business today. There's something wrong with the Barrier Generator Device and the engineers in our unit don't know how to fix it. I need you to take a look.
Sorry to trouble you.
I... I've been instructed to keep it quiet.
Don't say that... *sigh* Forget it. If I don't tell you, Pela will...
Last night, Lady Bronya suddenly appeared. She entered Qlipoth Fort without saying anything to anyone.
The Supreme Guardian is worried that the three intruders may have followed Bronya out of the Fragmentum and back into the Administrative District. She issued a curfew for the entire city, and ordered us to pursue and capture any suspicious individuals.
I'm not sure. She hasn't left Qlipoth Fort. The supreme guardian just said she'd returned. Nothing more.
She really does tell you everything... Oh, by the way, I left my Goethe Hotel limited-edition flask behind last time I was here. Let me have a look for it. I think I left it over...
What is it? You seem pretty off today, Serval...
...Seems like a strange reason not to take a look... plus, am I supposed to believe you were spring cleaning? You must be up to more forbidden research...
*sigh* Never mind. This is your space, and I shouldn't intrude. I've got business to take care of. Bye for now.
They're plotting to overthrow the Architects and bring harm to the city.
Don't say that, Serval. I know that you're still nursing a grievance against the supreme guardian, but this isn't a joking matter.
I will... if I have the time.
Welcome back to the Administrative District, Trailblazers.
The Architects think it's only right that we should address you properly. "Outsiders" is hardly fitting anymore.
...Please allow me to apologize again for what happened in the restricted zone. You were only trying to help... I should've trusted Serval's judgment.
Thanks for understanding.
I'll keep that in mind, thanks.
You are excellent fighters. I'd love to have you provide training for the Guards, but I know you have places to be.
Lady Bronya's inaugural address will begin soon. She asked me to pass on her invitation to you.
Not really... But Lady Bronya insisted on delivering the speech as soon as possible. She wants the people to understand what happened.
The address will be held at Everwinter Monument. I hope the three of you can find time to attend.
You should go and talk to Lady Bronya, Serval. It was her personal invite, after all...
...Serval, I understand your reluctance to rejoin the Silvermane Guards.
But Lady Bronya values your talent, and she sees how much you could contribute to the rejuvenation of Belobog... so I came to talk to you about it.
In any case, you should at least pay her a visit.
*sigh* ...Same old Serval.
Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
Is she creating trouble for you too?
Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
Join the Express?
I see... no wonder she seemed so flustered. So that's what's on her mind...
Ah, sorry, my head's still in the argument. It's like this.
As you know, my sister used to be one of the research team leads in the Silvermane Guards Technology Division. Stellarons were her main area of research.
But her expertise went far beyond Stellarons. She was and still is well versed in mechanical engineering and other fields.
Immediately after her succession, Lady Bronya set her sights on Serval's talents. The supreme guardian wants her to resume her technological research and be a shining light for the revitalization of Belobog.
However... you saw her attitude just now. I doubt her meeting with Lady Bronya will change anything — it'll probably just leave them both feeling dejected.
Mm... I think there's more than one element to it.
My intuition tells me this is mostly linked to Madam Cocolia's passing.
That's true, but...
*sigh* Never mind, it's just a personal hunch. I've never been good at reading my sister's mind.
I can tell the two of you have a close bond. If you get the chance, see if you can persuade her to open up about it.
...Hand on heart, I wouldn't want to see her sitting behind a desk in Qlipoth Fort and sighing all day either...
Belobog is too small a place for a mind as inquisitive as Serval's... Maybe it would be better for her to join you on your journey.
*sigh* ...I'll admit, I'm a little worried about how she plans on getting all this across to Lady Bronya.
Doesn't seem like they've finished talking yet. I hope it's not turning into a shouting match... Let's go in.
I wouldn't rule it out — she's good at reading people's minds... she would've known that you'd never set foot in Qlipoth Fort voluntarily.
If she did, I never knew about it.
...
...That's one of yours, right?
Am I allowed to refuse? This place... Just looking around gives me a headache.
...Fine. I'll give you a hand.
...Snowman's palm.
And "little Lynxy" is the youngest sister of the Landau family, by the way...
It's the only plant here that looks like it's still alive...
You're still writing to Mom and Dad...?
Y'know Serval, if you're really leaving Belobog for a while... you should pay them a visit first.
If it was a gift... why was it in Madam Cocolia's office?
Let bygones be bygones, sister.
I never knew your guitar had a connection to me too.... Quite the story.
It's a family heirloom — it belonged to Rhonda once... You should take care of it.
Here we go again...
*sigh* ...Like I said, let bygones be bygones.
700-year-old newspaper clippings? That... seems a little unlikely.
I'd take that with a grain of salt. Even if they do exist, odds are she lost them.
Mm — "take responsibility for your choices and the people of Belobog..." Every Landau is driven by that ethos.
No easy job. Serval, I want to ask you again...
Do you... really want to leave Belobog and go with the Trailblazers?
I... Forget it. I don't want to complicate things for you.
But before you leave, I have one last request to make. The Garrison is heading down to the Underworld soon to survey the situation around Boulder Town. Why don't you come with me?
...
N—No, it's not that... I've heard there are a lot of old energy hubs in the Underworld, and you're probably the only person in Belobog who knows how to inspect them.
Since you're leaving one way or the other, why don't you do the people of the city one last favor before you go?
You're Belobog's hero — I'm sure you must be popular in the Underworld. The Silvermane Guards will face less resistance if you come with us.
Thanks. I'll contact you when the Guards have finished their preparations.
Huh? Hmm. If you want my opinion...
All I can say is that it's in character for her to say something and then do it without thinking. She's always been impulsive, and she doesn't mind creating a headache or two along the way...
...If she can remedy that habit during her trip with you, then I guess it will have been worth it.
Turns out I'm no good at hiding it...
*sigh* She's my sister — we grew up together. I'd be lying if I said I'm not going to miss her.
I'm not afraid of being alone. After all, there's that, uh... communication device you gave me. If I really miss her, I can send her a message whenever I want.
It's more that I'm worried she won't look after herself properly... Then again, with capable people like you as travel companions, I'm probably overthinking things.
Still, don't underestimate her ability to drive people crazy... If at some point your crew can't take it anymore, just send her back.
Pela and I are probably the only ones in the world who know how to handle her... oh, and that assistant of hers too — Molly.
It's getting late, let's get ready to move. Is there something else you wanted to talk about?
Agreed — as soon as you're packed.
...And I thought I was messy.
Don't be, I only just arrived myself.
You're not wrong, it's only been a few minutes.
They're behind us. If negotiations go well, then Dunn will lead them down into the Underworld.
He's a very capable sergeant — upright, plainspoken — a model Silvermane Guard.
...I assume you remember him? You and Serval ambushed — uh... subdued him in the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone. I think he was out cold for most of the action.
The conflict was a product of the situation, I understand.
Not to mention... he wasn't in bad shape when we found him. Thank you for holding back.
The conflict was a product of the situation, I understand.
Not to mention... he wasn't in bad shape when we found him. Thank you for holding back.
He wasn't in bad shape when we found him. Thank you for holding back.
Don't worry, the hard work is already behind us.
The highest priority for today is establishing good negotiations with the chief of Wildfire — I'm about to get that process underway. Serval was a little delayed on the way over, but that doesn't affect our schedule. Let's set off.
You weren't that early, either... Still, I don't blame you — you hadn't seen Mom and Dad in a long time... I'm glad you managed to speak to them.
I know how it is alright. Put that to one side for now... We need to get going.
The Underworld... isn't exactly how I remember it.
We meet again, Mr. Oleg.
We'd be honored. But to your point, Oleg — let's finish our discussions first.
Rebuilding trust between the two worlds has always been a priority for Lady Bronya.
People here must have felt abandoned by the Guards after the passage was sealed off. If we were to simply "take over" the Underworld in the name of the supreme guardian... I can only imagine how people would react.
...I wouldn't use those exact words, but that is more or less what we want to achieve.
...
The barrier between the surface and the underground was the product of the former supreme guardian's misjudgment and the policies that resulted from it. The people of Belobog should have stood together, but instead we were made to blame and hate one another...
Lady Bronya wants Belobog to heal, so the Silvermane Guards need to regain the people's trust. But we won't achieve that by kicking doors open and policing everyone around.
As a grassroots organization, Wildfire did an extraordinary job maintaining order for over a decade in the absence of the Guards. I can only imagine how much work you put in to protect the Underworld.
I can assure you that the Guards are not here to seize power. If it takes time for the people to trust us, so be it. We're willing to take small measures and serve as an auxiliary force to Wildfire to help maintain peace.
I hope you can see that everything we do, we do to rebuild trust and make Belobog work for all.
What happened? Take a breather.
Don't worry, the Silvermane Guards are trained for these situations. Where do we find them?
Understood. I'll send my men to set up a perimeter and start the rescue operation right away.
Mr. Oleg, please entrust the Silvermane Guards with the rescue.
The defense of Boulder Town will need Wildfire's expertise. Watch out for ambushes and be ready to receive wounded soldiers.
...Thank you. In the name of the Preservation, I promise we'll do everything we can to save lives.
Miss Natasha, we've returned.
...Mr. Oleg has a pretty good handle on what's needed in the mine.
He's arranging for rescue teams and supplies to be sent over. He won't be back for a while.
Natasha's right, we should make sure those children are alright.
The misjudgment of the former supreme guardian isolated the Underworld for more than a decade. With that isolation, came tragedy...
But under Lady Bronya's leadership, the Silvermane Guards will atone for past mistakes and bring relief to the people. From now on, you don't need to worry about the safety of your family.
Taking care of yourself is hard enough under these circumstances, let alone if you have a brother to look after. I know it can't have been easy.
...Zino, right?
You're still young, so you need to stay under your sister's wing. But when you grow up, remember to use what you've learned to protect her.
Be there when she needs you, and listen to her when she feels vulnerable. She'll do the same for you.
Of course I did. And it wasn't some last-minute speech I cobbled together. It's how I've always felt.
We can't always face problems alone and build walls to keep people out... We need to learn to rely on others — especially those we care about the most.
...Huh? What do you mean?
...
Well, a Landau just called out a Landau.
Serval, I... I just want you to know that I would've supported your decision no matter what you chose. I wasn't trying to force you to stay.
Right.
...Say no more. We'll go with you.
...And the prime suspect? The one with the blue hair?
*sigh* No matter, we have his accomplices. He'll be close by, plotting his next move.
I'm a captain, not an adjudication panel. As a Belobog citizen, you have the right to defend yourself, but that can only take place under the scrutiny of the Architects, not now.
Take them away.
As you were. We must not be tempted into careless judgment. Look at their attire. Indeed, it is not in the Belobog style.
As you were. We must not be tempted into careless judgment. Look at their relics. We've never excavated anything like them before, and I haven't seen anything similar in our museums.
Photos?
...
It is said that a long time ago, {RUBY_B#Interstellar Travelers}strange visitors from beyond the sky{RUBY_E#} would visit us here... but that after the Eternal Freeze, the blizzards made passage impossible... and Belobog would cease to witness such arrivals.
This decision is beyond us. If what they say is true, then only the supreme guardian may decide their fate.
Our job is to present them before her. Nothing more.
Outsiders, follow me. Belobog lies beyond this blizzard.
Welcome to Belobog — the City of Preservation.
I, Gepard Landau, captain of the Silvermane Guards, order you to relinquish your futile resistance.
In the name of Preservation!
The supreme guardian has briefed me on the situation and asked that I assist you in locating Topaz.
Ready to enter Rivet Town? We'll go in together when everyone is set.
Keep your guards up — we might run into IPC agents ahead.
Take your time — preparation is key.
The Supreme Guardian mentioned there'd be mystery guests attending the Solwarm celebrations, but I didn't think it'd be the Express crew.
I hope you had a smooth journey. I should have dispatched Silvermane Guards to welcome you on arrival — my apologies.
Understood. I hope you both enjoy the festivities.
Please make sure you keep your personal belongings safe — pickpockets tend to take advantage of events like this. We'll be performing additional patrols.
Bye for now.
Topaz disappeared after leaving Rivet Town. In her absence, her subordinates flooded in and took over.
You're right, Miss Himeko. We'll be using the Automaton Stealth Bomb to cover our tracks.
I'll explain later. Let's get moving.
Keep noise to a minimum — everyone. We don't want to alert the enemy to our presence.
It's time to deploy the Automaton Stealth Bomb.
Remember, try to avoid being noticed. Remaining hidden will increase our chances of success.
It's alright — we prepared many backups. Try again.
I know that your urge to fight is overwhelming... but let's use the Automaton Stealth Bomb this time.
It's a shame we had to resort to this method, but we had no choice.
Correct — the exterior is similar to the Grizzly, but its weapons and armor are more advanced.
To be honest, I didn't think it would be so powerful... Good thing everything went according to plan.
This is the road that Topaz took when she left Rivet Town.
Put all artillery units on standby. Wait for my command to bombard enemy positions and cover our infantry advance.
We have a choke point here. Tell all infantry units to switch to double-line formation — close-quarters in front, gunners behind. Remember, get the wounded out as soon as possible, and always secure your flanks before advancing.
Ah, you're here. Get ready, we need to help the infantry lines drive deep into the mine.
The back of the mine has been secured, which gives us a forward base to send in supplies. The Silvermane-Wildfire combined regiment is conducting rescue missions as they advance.
The battle is fierce, I need to get to the front line. I'll leave the command post to my officers.
The battle is reaching a pivotal point. I have to get to the front line. I'll leave the command post to my officers.
We have clear objectives and the terrain is relatively easy to read. My officers are well-trained — the command system will be in good hands.
Thanks, Serval, but please trust my judgment on this.
I made a promise to Mr. Oleg to save as many people as possible. I have to see to it myself.
Let's move out. We need to clear a way for Wildfire and the Guards.
All civilians please go to the bridge immediately! The Silvermane Guards have set up a defensive perimeter — you'll be safe there!
Bring it down. We need to cover the retreat.
It made it easy for us... but we can't let our guards down.
It's safe here. Let's move on.
That's right. We're evacuating the miners together with Wildfire. Are there any other civilians up ahead?
Understood, I'll bring them back. The Guards and Wildfire have set up defenses on the bridge. You should head over.
Leave the battle to us, you need to fall back!
Let's keep searching for the missing girl and the miner.
They're in danger, let's go!
They need our help. We have to deal with these monsters first before advancing further.
You two! It's too dangerous here. Find the Silvermane Guards and Wildfire at the bridge — they'll protect you.
...The monsters have gotten stronger somehow. I don't remember them being this difficult...
That's one brave little girl... You were like that at her age too.
Father was a soldier. He wasn't supposed to question the orders from his superiors...
...Never mind. I know I sound like I'm defending him, and I don't want to make you angry. At least now we've got the chance to right the wrongs.
Running away doesn't solve the problem. It's been ages since you two had those fights, but you still can't let it go... You need to walk out of his shadow.
I'm not trying to change your mind. I just want to know that your choice to leave this planet is a result of having thought things through, not because you're trying to run away from something.
...Sorry, I sound like Dad.
Okay. Be careful though, I sense a drop in temperature. Something's not right.
It could mean something we haven't encountered before is waiting for us. Stay on your toes.
Easy, they went back to safety.
They'll be okay now. You should head back to the bridge too — the Guards and Wildfire have set up a safe zone there.
Thanks for the intel. We'll be careful.
I've seen this type of monster a few times near the restricted zone.
Ready? Here we go.
Wait, don't get too close! Something's not right...
These monsters are usually eager to fight — you're guaranteed a fierce battle if you see one in the Fragmentum...
But this one doesn't seem concerned about us... This could be a trap.
...I'm not sure either. I just have a feeling that something's different.
...Steady, get ready to counter its attack...
...Talking? I just hear white noise...
Wait... You understand it?
I heard rumors about this kind of monster... "Shadows in the Fragmentum that assume human forms are echoes of the will of past guardians."
If the rumors are true... could it be...
Calm down, Serval! It's just a Fragmentum illusion!
Serval!
Sister! I know you want Madam Cocolia to respond...
But this... thing in front of us is our enemy! It was born out of the evil gathered in the Fragmentum! You won't get answers from it!
Fight with us, sister. Let's dispel the shadow of the past once and for all!
Of course, if you're not yet able to confront the past...
A supreme guardian's obsession...
The temperature is returning to normal... the monsters are retreating.
...I think it's safe to say that the shadow of Madam Cocolia was the reason for this invasion. The other anomalies we experienced were probably also a direct result...
Indeed it was. We're lucky to have an experienced fighter like you who can adapt to different enemies.
Sounds like something the Hero of Belobog would say alright.
It would've taken us much longer to fight off the shadow without you. Serval... how are you feeling?
...I can tell you mean it this time.
I'm happy for you, Serval... It's not easy to truly put the past behind you.
Looks like we accomplished our mission. I need to get back to the Guards and Wildfire to wrap things up.
You two should head over to Natasha's place and check in on the wounded.
No, I'm not...
These are all relics, sis. Please don't touch them. What if you break something?
Um... That was Serval's idea. She said it needed a level of secrecy.
I happened to be helping out at the museum, so we both ended up waiting for you here.
She's our little sister, the youngest child of the Landau family.
So you know her! Well, that makes this easy.
She just came back from a scientific exploration on the Snow Plains, but she seems really out of it... almost like she's worried about something...
And she won't tell us what happened. We're really worried and want to help, but we don't know where to start.
One more thing... don't let her discover you. Otherwise, she'll probably get upset with us.
She's used to doing research alone in the Snow Plains, and we've always believed she can protect herself, but this is different... I'm worried she could run into bad people.
But this is different. We're worried about her running into strangers... She might get herself into trouble.
Between expeditions, it's always a challenge to make time with Lynx... but why doesn't she want to talk to us?
How was it... with Lynx?
So, that "stranger" was Pela...
Serval is right this time... This was Lynx's own choice. We won't be upset with her.
But... exploring the Snow Plains is still quite dangerous...
I... Sis, you're exaggerating.
Lynx! You're finally back...
Uh, what's with the red eyes? Did something happen?
Huh? Ah... Yes, of course.
But I have to say, Lynx... I think it's too dangerous for you to leave the city on your own...
Serval... it really is you.
When the sentry reported to me, I thought there must have been a misunderstanding. The enemy alarm had to be unrelated to your entry into the restricted zone — perhaps the intruders had taken you hostage. And yet...
Step away from the intruders, Serval. Walk over slowly and stand behind me. You're different from them.
...
Enough, Serval!
Have you forgotten where we are? We Landaus ought to know this place better than anywhere... The outer reaches of the front line against the Fragmentum, Belobog's most strategic protective fortress.
Every Silvermane Guard here, every person here, is ready to sacrifice themselves, ready to spill their blood for Belobog at a moment's notice...
Yet here you are leading fugitives into the restricted zone, attacking my Silvermane comrades-in-arms, hijacking the energy hub... Are you really worthy of the Landau name?
If that were true, why wouldn't you report to Madam Cocolia? Why would you sneak into the restricted zone and create chaos!?
...You have all seen the supreme guardian in person. Do you think you can act as you please because she didn't recognize your version of events!?
I know about the Stellaron. It's exactly what the fugitives behind you are seeking. But the Madam Guardian has already revealed the truth to me! These people have ulterior motives, Serval. They want to steal this treasure from the Architects.
The Madam Guardian has warned me before that you were indulging in fantasy, that you'd been exposed to forbidden knowledge, and that you would bring destruction down upon Belobog... I believe you, Serval, I believe you think you're acting with loyalty to the people! It's just...
Guards, formation! Arrest these people. We could be inundated with Fragmentum monsters at any moment, we have no time to waste on them!
Save your explanation for the judge. You are charged with sabotaging the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone. In my capacity as captain, I hereby order that these fugitives be arrested!
This isn't like our childhood games, Serval. You won't get any leniency from me.
Come to your senses, Serval! Did you forget your Oath of Preservation?
Bringing you to Belobog... was a grave error.
An error only I can rectify!
...
...Even if I am, I won't yield...
...Lady Bronya?
...
As a captain of the Silvermane Guards, I am duty-bound to carry out the orders of the Supreme Guardian.
But... Lady Bronya is the commanding officer for the front lines. According to military protocol, if the front line directives of the commanding officer clash with those of the Architects behind the lines, a soldier must remain at their post and await further directives.
...
For the Silvermane Guards, the guardian's orders are paramount and absolute. But there is something of equal importance in the oath we take...
If we lose the people, we lose the reason for our existence. Our fight with the Fragmentum monsters is for the sake of preservation, but our fight with you... I fail to see the purpose.
If you are truly able to prevent our endlessly unfolding misfortunes, then the people of Belobog are indebted to you.
But if you are using lies to mask your true intentions, using my sister and Bronya for your own ends... I swear by Qlipoth that I will carry out your punishment without an ounce of mercy.
You must be Seele? You are a skilled fighter... your combat style is nothing like that of the Guards.
...I'm sure.
If you want to advance further northward, you must traverse an area entirely corroded by the Fragmentum. It's the only way to get to the Snow Plains on the other side.
The Guards can give you some time before the next wave of attacks is upon us.
...
As soon as the restricted zone gate is open, the monsters on the other side will turn out in full force. The Guards will do their best to stall them and buy you some time.
Once you've broken through the front line... there's nothing more we can do for you. You'll have to find out for yourselves what lies within the northern Fragmentum.
So... have you made up your minds?
Understood. Keep your weapons close. This will be a fierce fight.
Guards! Open the gate!
It's a common occurrence.
Guards, formation!
Steel yourselves!
Argh...
This is... only the first wave. They'll have reassembled soon... I have to...
The Commercial District has fallen. We've transfered the residents to the Outer Municipal District for the time being. The Garrison lost 26 fighters... but I...
I... I'm not sure that they're dead... I saw their broken figures lingering in the Fragmentum...
What happened back there defied all reason... it was madness. Madam Guardian, if this continues...
...This is where Madam Cocolia died.
The stage is yours, sister.
...happy?
So... you're getting the tab?
Apologies, I've been busy lately so I had to put off the Express tour for a while. Here we are, finally.
Sorry — uh... forgive me — I mean... you know what I mean...
It's because we're friends that I feel a little guilty...
What should we see next? Do we just follow the Express tour route?
I'm honored to be invited aboard the Express.
Truly, I'm not just being polite with you...
It's finally time for the Express tour... What should we see next? Do we just follow the Express tour route?
I'm honored to be invited aboard the Express.
Truly, I'm not just being polite with you...
The Landau family is big — there are always people around at home.
The Express doesn't give me that same feeling. It's pretty empty.
Not at all. It may be empty, but there are traces of life everywhere. I can just imagine how bustling it would be with people here.
It's like Belobog in the dead of the night: empty, quiet, but always kind.
It's an amazing feeling for someone who's never left Belobog before.
The Express is pretty empty, but there are traces of life everywhere. I can just imagine how bustling it would be with people here.
It's like Belobog in the dead of the night: empty, quiet, but always kind.
It's an amazing feeling for someone who's never left Belobog before.
Ever since the Express tour, I've been wondering...
If the Guards had a train like this, would it make our campaigns easier?
Transfer supplies... huh. That's not a bad idea.
Deploy troops... huh. That's not a bad idea.
...I don't think I've ever seen you that excited.
So... you're thinking of turning the Express into a combat unit? Personally I'd only use it for logistics...
Hmm... You've given me some food for thought — I should have a chat with the Technology Division about this.
I'll add it to my to-do list.
It might be worth talking to the Technology Division about incorporating a train into our units.
...I should add it to my to-do list.
I just had quite an interesting conversation with Himeko and Mr. Yang.
But that brown drink that Himeko makes... it's very...
...I'm not alone then. I'll be keeping a safe distance.
Anyway, I learned a lot from them. I'm very grateful for that.
Well, the part that shocked me the most was about the Aeons.
Ahem... I'm okay, thanks. Not what I'm used to.
Anyway, I learned a lot from them. I'm very grateful for that.
Belobog's Architects talk about the great deeds of Qlipoth all the time. In our minds, Qlipoth represents the single greatest power in the universe.
But Himeko and Mr. Yang told me that Qlipoth is far from the only Aeon in the universe. For example, the enemies that invaded Belobog 700 years ago were Emanators of a different Aeon.
Things are getting back on track for Belobog, but those Emanators could return one day...
...I need to make sure the Silvermane Guards are always at the ready.
Himeko and Mr. Yang told me that Qlipoth is far from the only Aeon in the universe. For example, the enemies that invaded Belobog 700 years ago were Emanators of another Aeon.
Things are getting back on track for Belobog, but those Emanators could return one day...
...I need to make sure the Silvermane Guards are always at the ready.
Not long ago, Himeko showed me her collection. There was something called a "satellite" — I was very intrigued.
It works in a similar way to our automatons. If we could launch our automatons into space like satellites, it'd definitely give us an edge in combat.
That's right — the automatons would be our eyes and ears in space. No matter whether the threats arose on the surface or in outer space, we'd be able to spot them.
Exactly — the automatons would be our turrets in space. That's also how Himeko uses her satellite.
It will be very difficult to bring this concept to reality using Belobog's current technology.
But Himeko told me that if the Silvermane Guards do go ahead with it, she'll be glad to help.
Only thing though is, I can't make the call. I'll need to write a report and discuss it with Bronya, Pela, and others first.
If we could launch our automatons into space like satellites, it'd definitely give us an edge in combat.
Only thing though is, I can't make the call. I'll need to write a report and discuss it with Bronya, Pela, and others first.
Oh, you are here. I've been looking for you up and down the train.
Actually... I brought you a few things.
Um... nearly.
I brought you all some gifts. Hope I didn't cause too much trouble.
Is that so? Well, I've got something for you.
This is a gift from the Silvermane Guards, to show our gratitude towards those who saved Belobog.
When you find a moment, do come back to Belobog to have a chat. The Silvermane Guards will always welcome you.
This is a gift from the Silvermane Guards, to show our gratitude towards those who saved Belobog.
When you find a moment, do come back to Belobog to have a chat. The Silvermane Guards will always welcome you.
Welcome to the Silvermane Guard Restricted Zone, {NICKNAME}.
I've instructed the soldiers to treat you hospitably, but I do have to remind you to be considerate of your actions.
Rules are rules — once any such acts are discovered, even I, the Captain, can't guarantee your safety.
I would be deeply grateful. I hope you will enjoy this trip to Belobog...
Or, as you all call this world — I hope you will enjoy this trip to Jarilo-VI.
The Supreme Guardian and her laws are akin to an iron wall around Belobog. Nothing in this place is above them.
As a comrade who once fought by your side, I do not wish to see harm befall you. Which is why I hope you will reconsider my suggestion.
But enough of this stuffy topic. I'm about to go on a break. Do you have something else you wish to talk about?
Anything you can think of, the Silvermane Guards are responsible for.
Above all else, the Captain is charged with organizing the Guards, ensuring that everyone performs their job properly.
It is as you imagined, a Captain's job isn't all that complicated.
I— No, we are but guardians safeguarding the well-being of Belobogians.
City defense is an important duty. It is linked to many matters that your average citizens can't fathom.
But fundamentally, we are but guardians safeguarding the well-being of Belobogians — that's all you need to understand.
Serval... I can only turn a blind eye to her various actions.
To the Landaus, my big sister's acts are irrefutably traitorous to the clan. It is no wonder our butler regularly goes to the workshop to persuade her to find a proper job.
Yes, but our interactions mostly revolve around work. Though, she is quite close to Serval, which is to say, our lives do somewhat intersect outside of work.
In truth, I try to avoid her most of the time... I always feel that she's sort of hmm... overbearing.
There was once when I saw that she was swamped with work, so I suggested helping her finish up a report.
When I submitted it to her, I didn't think she'd be able to point out so many mistakes at a mere glance, followed by a barrage of detailed remarks...
She personally apologized to me after that, and I also acknowledged my tardiness, but that matter sure taught me a lesson... It's best not to get involved in Pela's work.
It's fine. Feel free to speak your mind. No reason to hold back.
All right. I should get back to work too. I'll see you later.
We meet again, {NICKNAME}. Are you here for a chat?
Same old, same old. Hunkered down at her workshop, either working on orders or dragging Pela and Lynx to rehearsals.
But, after that trip to Everwinter Hill, I don't think I've noticed her looking all glum anymore. I reckon she's sorted her troubles out.
And this was all thanks to your help, {NICKNAME}. I thank you on my big sister's behalf.
Humility is a virtue. And with your courage and kindness... if we had someone like you among our ranks, it would be Belobog's utmost honor.
As for me... I am immensely honored to have known a friend like you.
...Perhaps so. It heartens me to see her go back to her usual carefree self.
In any case, I am truly thankful and honored to have such a friend as you.
...I don't.
I'm merely performing the base duty required of a family member.
Thanks for understanding.
I... This...
Ahem, I'm not deflecting.
Why do you say the same thing as Big Sis... How am I making anything awkward?
Regardless, us siblings have received much hospitality from you... it is truly an honor to have a friend such as you.
There you are. That last showdown was intense — it reminded me of my own time competing in the Silvermane Guards' martial contests.
Unfortunately, my duty as Captain comes with pressing tasks — I'm afraid I can't partake in the fun... but I have given Officer Pela a well-deserved day off. She's normally swamped with work, so this is the perfect chance for her to relax.
Seeing everyone enjoying themselves brings me great satisfaction... Still, my gut tells me something's happening below the surface... Are these visitors from beyond the sky really doing us a favor by bringing this kind of entertainment to Belobog?
...Apologies, this isn't the best time to discuss such matters. Let's focus on the festive spirit for now. I wish you the best of luck.
Formation, at ease!
Thieves are rife during times of celebration.
We must be vigilant!
Duly noted.
How's your relationship with your big sister?
I hear Pela is your aide?
I can't think of what to talk about right now.
What's Serval up to these days?
We're friends, and that's what we do.
It was your companionship that changed her.
Whatever you say.
Aww, stop deflecting.
Stop making things so awkward!
Huohuo: H—Hello, I'm Huohuo, the newly appointed judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. Um... what else should I mention...Tail: Ahem... Uh, Hello? Don't forget to introduce the most famous heliobus of all.Huohuo: Ah, yes — Tail! This is Tail!
Huohuo: H—Hello! Uh, I mean... Well, I... I guess I'll take my leave now. B—Bye...Tail: You were supposed to say hi, not bye!
F—Finally, time to go home. I hope no one notices me.
I—I tried to turn this job down... It just doesn't feel fair — asking someone with heliophobia to hunt down heliobi with a heliobus? *sigh* They told me it was to "conquer my fear..."
Huohuo: My tail was consumed during a heliobus attack — the rest of me barely got away. It's a good job the Ten-Lords Commission sealed the demon in my tail before it had the chance to finish me off...Tail: It's not my fault that Foxians have the most scrumptious tails... However, now that I'm a tail, I've realized all sorts of monsters want to have me for breakfast!
I can use this banner to dispel demons... but it also comes in handy when signaling my surrender...
Huohuo: I make paper dolls whenever I get the chance. With so many little "friends" around, there's nothing to fear...Tail: Don't get me started! Those things stress me out. The mere thought of seeing a smiling paper doll right in front of my face in the middle of the night...
I practice my bravery by watching horror-comedies late at night. When it gets to a scary part, I laugh it off like this... Hehehehehehehe! So, yeah...
Huohuo: The owner of The Looking Bronze said I have a knack for attracting evil. I—I have a vague idea why that is...Tail: Apparently, I am that "vague idea". Be that as it may, your tendency to trip over yourself is entirely your own fault.
How do I relax? I like to find a place in Starskiff Haven to lay back and watch the starskiffs come and go... although my colleagues say it works better for insomnia... A—Anyway, you should try it.
I heard a lot of heliobi were sealed in the Artisanship Commission's Creation Furnace, but they all escaped when the furnace broke... That's why my workload is the way it is...
Little Gui? She has a lot of yang energy — she dispels bad luck very easily. Even my tail goes quiet when she's around. The only drawback is I have to raise my voice around her if I wanted to be heard...
Huohuo: The puppet judge? She really scared me at first... but when Tail threatened her, she didn't bat an eyelid. Madam Xueyi is amazing — I really want to be like her one day...Tail: Amazing!? Let's see if she still has that smirk on her face when I burn the Ten-Lords Commission to the ground!
In order to differentiate between the sisters, I call her the rambling judge... *gasp* She hasn't found out, has she?
It seems like Qingque is always on a break. When I'm relaxing, she's relaxing, and when I get swamped with work, guess what...? She's still relaxing! I guess the Divination Commission has a pretty light workload...
Huohuo: B—Be more determined? I usually just want to run away... Still, every time I try, Mr. Tail sends me straight back to the enemies' doorstep. *sigh* Why can't he just leave me be...?Tail: Hmph! Fine by me! If you get swallowed whole, I'll finally be able to break free!
People say that the general's portrait can be used to dispel evil. I tried but... useless... I—I mean the portrait, not the general. I shouldn't have believed in such superstitious nonsense.
I wonder if the Dragon Lady has any "brave pills" for sale... If not, "play dead pills" might do the trick...
How come Madam Yukong has an air of authority, but I don't? I mean, we're both Foxians. Actually... I know why, but I can't help being a little envious.
So this is the life of a cursed one...
Promoted again? ...Is that good or bad...?
D—Do I have to spend my whole life in the Ten-Lords Commission...?
Does a cure-all for exorcising evil really exist...?
Madam Hanya, did you also have a restless night...? If there's anything I can help with, just let me know...
You first, Little Gui! I—I'll be right behind you...
Sushang, just a minute, let me give you this talisman...
M—Madam Xueyi! You're here too!Not good! Not good!
Huohuo: Maybe I can do this...
Huohuo: I—I don't think I can do this...Tail: You have me here — what're you afraid of?
Huohuo: D—Do we have to fight?Tail: Why, of course!
Tail: Fool! You can't play dead standing up!Huohuo: Shh...
Tail: Get them.Huohuo: Ahhhh—!
Huohuo: Demons... depart...
Huohuo: *whimper* Ow...
Huohuo: Tail, help!
Huohuo: D—Don't come any closer...
Tail: Move aside, amateurs...Fiends or devils, I'll crush them all!
Huohuo: I... surrender...
Huohuo: It's not over yet?
Huohuo: Thank you, thank you!
Tail: Flee—Huohuo: *gasp*...
Huohuo: Did I win? Did I win!?Tail: Not even a thanks?
Huohuo: Wow⁓ Can I really keep it?
Huohuo: I should probably report this find...Tail: You found it! It's yours!
Huohuo: I—I'm actually pretty good at these things.
Huohuo: They can't see me, they can't see me...Tail: Hey, knucklehead, look over here!
Huohuo: Such a peaceful spot...Tail: Woof!
Huohuo: I'm gonna hold everyone back again...
Huohuo: Ahh—! Somebody help me!
Huohuo: Give me... strength...
Tail: You dare attack me!?
Huohuo: I didn't expect to find this here...
Huohuo: Hmm? So... did I do it?Tail: Next.
Huohuo: H—Hello, I'm Huohuo, the newly appointed judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. Um... what else should I mention...Tail: Ahem... Uh, Hello? Don't forget to introduce the most famous heliobus of all.Huohuo: Ah, yes — Tail! This is Tail!
Huohuo: H—Hello! Uh, I mean... Well, I... I guess I'll take my leave now. B—Bye...Tail: You were supposed to say hi, not bye!
F—Finally, time to go home. I hope no one notices me.
I—I tried to turn this job down... It just doesn't feel fair — asking someone with heliophobia to hunt down heliobi with a heliobus? *sigh* They told me it was to "conquer my fear..."
Huohuo: My tail was consumed during a heliobus attack — the rest of me barely got away. It's a good job the Ten-Lords Commission sealed the demon in my tail before it had the chance to finish me off...Tail: It's not my fault that Foxians have the most scrumptious tails... However, now that I'm a tail, I've realized all sorts of monsters want to have me for breakfast!
I can use this banner to dispel demons... but it also comes in handy when signaling my surrender...
Huohuo: I make paper dolls whenever I get the chance. With so many little "friends" around, there's nothing to fear...Tail: Don't get me started! Those things stress me out. The mere thought of seeing a smiling paper doll right in front of my face in the middle of the night...
I practice my bravery by watching horror-comedies late at night. When it gets to a scary part, I laugh it off like this... Hehehehehehehe! So, yeah...
Huohuo: The owner of The Looking Bronze said I have a knack for attracting evil. I—I have a vague idea why that is...Tail: Apparently, I am that "vague idea". Be that as it may, your tendency to trip over yourself is entirely your own fault.
How do I relax? I like to find a place in Starskiff Haven to lay back and watch the starskiffs come and go... although my colleagues say it works better for insomnia... A—Anyway, you should try it.
I heard a lot of heliobi were sealed in the Artisanship Commission's Creation Furnace, but they all escaped when the furnace broke... That's why my workload is the way it is...
Little Gui? She has a lot of yang energy — she dispels bad luck very easily. Even my tail goes quiet when she's around. The only drawback is I have to raise my voice around her if I wanted to be heard...
Huohuo: The puppet judge? She really scared me at first... but when Tail threatened her, she didn't bat an eyelid. Madam Xueyi is amazing — I really want to be like her one day...Tail: Amazing!? Let's see if she still has that smirk on her face when I burn the Ten-Lords Commission to the ground!
In order to differentiate between the sisters, I call her the rambling judge... *gasp* She hasn't found out, has she?
It seems like Qingque is always on a break. When I'm relaxing, she's relaxing, and when I get swamped with work, guess what...? She's still relaxing! I guess the Divination Commission has a pretty light workload...
Huohuo: B—Be more determined? I usually just want to run away... Still, every time I try, Mr. Tail sends me straight back to the enemies' doorstep. *sigh* Why can't he just leave me be...?Tail: Hmph! Fine by me! If you get swallowed whole, I'll finally be able to break free!
People say that the general's portrait can be used to dispel evil. I tried but... useless... I—I mean the portrait, not the general. I shouldn't have believed in such superstitious nonsense.
I wonder if the Dragon Lady has any "brave pills" for sale... If not, "play dead pills" might do the trick...
How come Madam Yukong has an air of authority, but I don't? I mean, we're both Foxians. Actually... I know why, but I can't help being a little envious.
So this is the life of a cursed one...
Promoted again? ...Is that good or bad...?
D—Do I have to spend my whole life in the Ten-Lords Commission...?
Does a cure-all for exorcising evil really exist...?
Madam Hanya, did you also have a restless night...? If there's anything I can help with, just let me know...
You first, Little Gui! I—I'll be right behind you...
Sushang, just a minute, let me give you this talisman...
M—Madam Xueyi! You're here too!Tail: Not good! Not good!
Huohuo: Maybe I can do this...
Huohuo: I—I don't think I can do this...Tail: You have me here — what're you afraid of?
Huohuo: D—Do we have to fight?Tail: Why, of course!
Tail: Fool! You can't play dead standing up!Huohuo: Shh...
Tail: Get them.Huohuo: Ahhhh—!
Huohuo: Demons... depart...
Huohuo: *whimper* Ow...
Huohuo: Tail, help!
Huohuo: D—Don't come any closer...
Tail: Move aside, amateurs...Fiends or devils, I'll crush them all!
Huohuo: I... surrender...
Huohuo: It's not over yet?
Huohuo: Thank you, thank you!
Tail: Flee—Huohuo: *gasp*...
Huohuo: Did I win? Did I win!?Tail: Not even a thanks?
Huohuo: Wow⁓ Can I really keep it?
Huohuo: I should probably report this find...Tail: You found it! It's yours!
Huohuo: I—I'm actually pretty good at these things.
Huohuo: They can't see me, they can't see me...Tail: Hey, knucklehead, look over here!
Huohuo: Such a peaceful spot...Tail: Woof!
Huohuo: I'm gonna hold everyone back again...
Huohuo: Ahh—! Somebody help me!
Huohuo: Give me... strength...
Tail: You dare attack me!?
Huohuo: I didn't expect to find this here...
Huohuo: Hmm? So... did I do it?Tail: Next.
Huohuo: H—Hello, I'm Huohuo, the newly appointed judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. Um... what else should I mention...Tail: Ahem... Uh, Hello? Don't forget to introduce the most famous heliobus of all.Huohuo: Ah, yes — Tail! This is Tail!
Huohuo: H—Hello! Uh, I mean... Well, I... I guess I'll take my leave now. B—Bye...Tail: You were supposed to say hi, not bye!
F—Finally, time to go home. I hope no one notices me.
I—I tried to turn this job down... It just doesn't feel fair — asking someone with heliophobia to hunt down heliobi with a heliobus? *sigh* They told me it was to "conquer my fear..."
Huohuo: My tail was consumed during a heliobus attack — the rest of me barely got away. It's a good job the Ten-Lords Commission sealed the demon in my tail before it had the chance to finish me off...Tail: It's not my fault that foxians have the most scrumptious tails... However, now that I'm a tail, I've realized all sorts of monsters want to have me for breakfast!
I can use this banner to dispel demons... but it also comes in handy when signaling my surrender...
Huohuo: I make paper dolls whenever I get the chance. With so many little "friends" around, there's nothing to fear...Tail: Don't get me started! Those things stress me out. The mere thought of seeing a smiling paper doll right in front of my face in the middle of the night...
I practice my bravery by watching horror-comedies late at night. When it gets to a scary part, I laugh it off like this... Hehehehehehehe! So, yeah...
Huohuo: The owner of The Looking Bronze said I have a knack for attracting evil. I—I have a vague idea why that is...Tail: Apparently, I am that "vague idea". Be that as it may, your tendency to trip over yourself is entirely your own fault.
How do I relax? I like to find a place in Starskiff Haven to lay back and watch the starskiffs come and go... although my colleagues say it works better for insomnia... A—Anyway, you should try it.
I heard a lot of heliobi were sealed in the Artisanship Commission's Creation Furnace, but they all escaped when the furnace broke... That's why my workload is the way it is...
Little Gui? She has a lot of yang energy — she dispels bad luck very easily. Even my tail goes quiet when she's around. The only drawback is I have to raise my voice around her if I wanted to be heard...
Huohuo: The puppet judge? She really scared me at first... but when Tail threatened her, she didn't bat an eyelid. Madam Xueyi is amazing — I really want to be like her one day...Tail: Amazing!? Let's see if she still has that smirk on her face when I burn the Ten-Lords Commission to the ground!
In order to differentiate between the sisters, I call her the rambling judge... *gasp* She hasn't found out, has she?
It seems like Qingque is always on a break. When I'm relaxing, she's relaxing, and when I get swamped with work, guess what...? She's still relaxing! I guess the Divination Commission has a pretty light workload...
Huohuo: B—Be more determined? I usually just want to run away... Still, every time I try, Mr. Tail sends me straight back to the enemies' doorstep. *sigh* Why can't he just leave me be...?Tail: Hmph! Fine by me! If you get swallowed whole, I'll finally be able to break free!
People say that the general's portrait can be used to dispel evil. I tried but... useless... I—I mean the portrait, not the general. I shouldn't have believed in such superstitious nonsense.
I wonder if the Dragon Lady has any "brave pills" for sale... If not, "play dead pills" might do the trick...
How come Madam Yukong has an air of authority, but I don't? I mean, we're both foxians. Actually... I know why, but I can't help being a little envious.
Actually, we met a long time ago. I was outside getting some peace and quiet, when all of a sudden she dragged me before the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery. She mistook me for a missing person...
Let's go this way. It's quicker...
Miss Guinaifen, I'm on official duty right now...
It's so quiet... It's getting scarier and scarier...
Please stay close to me...
Oh no... W—We have to find Miss Guinaifen...
I feel much safer with you here... Still feel like I'm gonna faint, though...
May the Arbiter protect us!
That voice sounds familiar...
...This isn't the right place. We picked the wrong bronze mirror.
Look around us, Mr. Tail. I think we're at the edge of the illusion...
Maybe these are the only mirrors left?
I think there's a mirror on that floating island... but it's a bit far away...
C—C—Could I crawl my way there...?
Help me, Mr. Tail!
Fragments of Furynox have been sealed in the gourd.
Thank the Arbiter!
P—P—Paper to might, carry this fight! Talisman of strength, evils to spite!
If Furynox is so powerful, why would they allow themself to break apart so easily?
Those are... possessed Wraith Wardens...
...There are plenty of heliobi in the gourd now. Let's go and meet up with Madam Xueyi.
It's Madam Xueyi... and Miss Guinaifen! Thank goodness she's alright...
There are so many spiritfarers lying on the floor!
You monster!
Is everyone okay!?
But...
...
I—I won't let Mr. Tail sacrifice himself in vain!
T—Talismans. On my command!
Talismans! Talismans!! Talismans!!!
Please stay close to me. This is the best way out of the garden.
H—Hello... I'm a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. My name is Huohuo.
...O—Okay.
Miss Guinaifen, it's hard to explain, but those things aren't ghosts. Please don't bring legends from your home world onto the Xianzhou...
The roaming entities you saw are extremely dangerous energy parasites... We call them "heliobi."
Maybe we should let Mr. Tail out for a bit... M—Mr. Tail?
Please don't be afraid, he's only kidding. Mr. Tail is a vegetarian.
Y—Yes, ma'am.
Tail... was subdued and sealed in my tail by Madam Hanya. He won't harm others.
Um... Excuse me... We should go.
...Excuse me, can we go now?
Yes... he's trapped in my tail, so...
You think I like spending time with you?
I—I'm just a bit scared about the heliobi reports... b—but I'll carry out my duties and escort you out of the garden. I should be able to do that, at least...
Hmph, i—if it weren't for you, I would've opened a dessert stall ages ago!
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Shall we go?
Let's go.
Wahhhh! Wh—Wh—What's happening?
I—I—I'm not scared! I just can't stop my legs shaking...
Tail, is it another heliobus?
...Oh... I heard Miss Guinaifen yell, so I got scared...
...Wait a minute... where did Miss Guinaifen go? Miss Guinaifen...!
...
...D—Did we lose her...?
Is it me or is this place starting to feel weirder and weirder...? I'm scared... Can you stay close to me? I don't want to lose you, too...
We need to find Miss Guinaifen, first... Stay close to me — please...!
I thought I'd lost you, too. I'm so scared... Please don't leave me here all on my own...
...Wait! Please don't leave me!
Please, I'm begging you! Can you please come closer? I'm so scared...
...Um, have you seen Miss Guinaifen? I still haven't found her. Is she gonna be okay...?
H—H—How can that be!? If that could happen to someone as lively as Miss Guinaifen... that means I'm in even more danger...
You know I'm not cut out to be a judge. I thought maybe if I worked long enough in the Ten-Lords Commission, I'd get braver. But now... I know it's impossible.
You talk tough all day long, then let both of us get stuck in a trap... Who's the useless brat now!?
Ah! No! P—Please don't leave. Wait, please...
*sob*
*sob*
I'm so happy! I thought I was gonna be stuck here forever... I'm so happy to see you!
*sob*
It's not your fault... It was that bad heliobus making us fight...
...If I were any other judge, you'd already be saved...
I've always been shy and scared... My life's been a nightmare ever since Tail possessed me...
When I was at school, people were always asking why my tail was on fire... Everywhere I went, people would notice.
Th—Then I got into the Ten-Lords Commission. Everyone there is weird, so I thought I'd found somewhere I belonged. But the job... the job is too dangerous! I have to fight demons and ghosts and bad guys every day...
I... I'm just not cut out for it. If I make it back alive... I'm handing in my resignation.
Who thought making a heliophobe with a heliobus in her tail hunt heliobi was a good idea... I'm sorry, I've been so useless...
...R—Really?
...I—I'm glad it helped...
Your old power?
...Team-building?
Evenly matched... Really?
...The Ten-Lords Commission records say that Ignamar was soundly defeated by General Teng Xiao...
When I was littler, I saw a ball of fire that looked like it was about to turn to embers...
I felt sorry for it, so I picked it up and put it on my tail... and then... Mr. Tail tried to eat me! If the judges hadn't arrived, it would've been over...
All the pain I've suffered since I met you must be retribution for my stupidity back then...
That's impossible. Mr. Tail was sealed by the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission. He can't escape... and neither can you...
Wahhhh! That door just opened on its own!
Look! Th—There's a mirror behind the door...
What's going on...? Th—There's a voice in the mirror?
Madam Xueyi!?
We still haven't found Miss Guinaifen... I don't know where she went...
Are we... back in Fyxestroll Garden?
Madam Xueyi, I'm so happy to see you're alright!
Huh? I—I won't be able to do it! I'm not as powerful as you two... I always run and hide before a battle...
Suppress the monster... B—But I don't think I've ever had to suppress Tail! I guess we're more like... friends?
Cirrus already helped us in the illusion maze. Maybe... we can trust them for now?
I—I guess we can go with Cirrus's plan. It's not like we have any of our own...
...Does that mean we'll be fighting our friends...?
Mr. Tail, we're gonna fight some really dangerous enemies now. Please lend me your strength, too.
Madam Xueyi said those possessed by a heliobus can't get possessed again... I'm the only person who can help everyone!
Madam Xueyi... you're afraid too?
...I—I guess if even you two are afraid, then... I—I feel a little better now.
...So we'll need to activate the Evil Binding Matrix, right?
Okay.
We're doing well. We've sealed most of Furynox's fragments.
Miss Guinaifen, please be careful... You might feel dizzy if you get too close to the matrix...
Oh no!
Tail... Mr. Tail...
Tail distracted Cirrus... He helped us so much... B—But now he's gone...
I can't sense him anywhere... He's gone.
What kind of judge am I...
If I were stronger, Mr. Tail wouldn't have had to sacrifice himself...
It was because of him that I ended up in this terrible job...
...and I've thought so much about how much better my life would be if I never met him... but now that he's actually gone... I feel so empty inside...
I really am useless... I've been looking forward to this day for so long, but now that it's here... I don't feel happy at all.
Wait, you're right... Madam Xueyi said that heliobi are eternal flames that will never burn away. Mr. Tail... He must still be out there somewhere.
...I guess he is...
...Thank you. I'm much better now. Could you please let Miss Sushang know what happened...? She'll be relieved.
Are we... above Fyxestroll Garden?
But one of these mirrors must contain the exit, right? Let's check them all...
Ah! M—Madam Xueyi can be a bit of a meanie, but she'd never talk to me like that... That doesn't sound like her... Come to think of it, it kinda sounds like Tail.
Hmph... Let's go look at the other mirrors.
But...
Let's go look at the next mirror.
But...
Over here, that sounds like the real Madam Xueyi.
B—But what if I can't tell the difference?
But...
...Wait. I want to ask a few questions... to see if you're the real person.
The heliobus that trapped us here wouldn't know that Madam Xueyi and Madam Hanya are twin sisters...
Never knew you were so popular, Mr. Tail...
So, we're gonna...
But...
...Wait. I want to ask a few questions... to see if you're the real person.
Uh, never mind. Forget I said anything.
I—I didn't have any connections at all!
So, we're gonna...
But...
...Wait. I want to ask a few questions... to see if you're the real person.
That's her! This has to be Madam Xueyi behind the mirror...
So, we're gonna...
But...
I—I need to ask you some questions about myself first...
Huh? That doesn't sound like Madam Xueyi... right?
So, we're gonna...
But...
I—I need to ask you some questions about myself first...
So, we're gonna...
But...
I—I need to ask you some questions about myself first...
Really? So I don't even need to write a resignation letter...?
So, we're gonna...
But...
...We already passed through this mirror. The Madam Xueyi behind this mirror is most likely a fake. Let's not go there again.
I'm not the best judge of things... but these mirrors...
None of them show Madam Xueyi as I know her to be...
I've spent a long time working with Madam Xueyi. She's always known that I'm scared and timid, but she never told me off...
Tail...
The illusion wants to keep us in, but it can't possibly keep expanding its borders forever. I think there's gotta be a fourth mirror somewhere.
...I don't wanna go back the way we came, but I need to ask some questions about myself to make sure!
...Let's go. This is the right mirror.
Oh, the Ten-Lords Commission contacted Miss Guinaifen's friend — Miss Sushang. I can't leave my post, so... could you let Miss Sushang know what happened...? She'll be relieved.
...too peaceful... Why do I feel like someone's watching me...?
Ahhhhhhhh! Help me! Help me!
The Astral Express is so peaceful and majestic. I've only been in the Parlor Car a few moments, and I already feel calmer. This place is the best!
...G—Good idea.
The Express is such a lovely place... Umm, next time I visit, please... remember not to sneak up on me from behind.
Th—The conductor said there might be something invisible on the Express... so, I've been trying to investigate.
...I'm not quite sure yet.
...Wait, r—really? Uh-oh, m—my legs are feeling a bit wobbly...
Everyone on the Express has been so nice to me... I'm only running away after I've helped out...
There was a moment when I felt the invisible thing was r—right in front of me...
I used all the tricks in the judges' handbook, but couldn't get any evidence. I—I—It's not some sort of space ghost, is it? I—I didn't think the Express would be this scary!
...R—Really!?
Ahhhhhhhh!
...I can't tell if you're serious...
Wait. I—I can feel it again! Ahhhhhhhh!
...I think that's enough Express for today.
...That's enough Express for today. The n—next time I have a chance, I'll come back and visit again.
I heard the conductor say something happened on Herta Space Station... and then without meaning to, you found yourself on a journey through the stars.
I feel like, um, we're kind of... similar, I guess?
...Yeah, joining the Commission was kind of an accident... So was meeting Mr. Tail. Even getting promoted...
Not exactly...
What I mean is, I've had plenty of accidents: meeting Mr. Tail, joining the Ten-Lords Commission, even getting promoted wasn't intentional...
Madam Xueyi catches criminals and executes secret missions. Madam Hanya uses dreams to predict karmic offenses and write judgements... but what about me? I'm just a scaredy-cat who's afraid of heliobi... and yet it's my job to catch them...
...Sometimes I wonder: If everything that's happened to me is just a coincidence or an accident, then... am I really qualified to be a judge?
So... you're saying Madam Xueyi has faith in my abilities?
She did tell me that face to face... but I thought she was just trying to comfort me...
...Mm, I know what you mean... I'm already a judge after all. Instead of worrying about whether I'm qualified, I should just focus on doing a good job.
Oh, is that right?
...Then perhaps being a Ten-Lords Commission judge is also my destiny.
Thank you, things are a little clearer now...
But, um, if work gets too tough, I might still consider quitting...
Lately, work at the Ten-Lords Commission isn't too busy, and I ended up with a little vacation time. At first, I told myself: "breaks are hard to come by, I should make the most of every day."
But then, before I knew it, I'd spent three days at home doing the usual things, and now my vacation is about to end... I can't help wondering what Sushang and Guinaifen are doing on their days off...
I—I just thought it'd be good to get out... so here I am.
...I did think about that, but in the end, I never found the courage to ask them...
...If I don't do anything, I always feel a bit... empty inside.
I'd like to hang out with them, it's just...
If it's up to me to do the inviting, that means I have to arrange a time and place, and I'm sure I won't do a good job of that...
*sigh*
...I need a bit more time to think this over.
Vacation days are precious. I really shouldn't waste them. I need to talk to them both. I... I should be able to manage that.
The Express Crew are so nice.
Oh, you're here! Mr. Tail and I were just talking about how warm and welcoming the people on the Express are. You guys even prepared some snacks for him.
When I first boarded the Express, I thought the conductor was just a mascot... but now that I've been here a few times, I know how important they are to the train. They're so considerate and reliable.
Hee-hee, I know.
Oh. Really?
You think so?
Oh! I see what you mean.
...Uhh, I guess that makes sense...
...Hee-hee, I think so too.
Right now... I'd say Pom-Pom's a smidge cuter.
I got this for you...
While I was away, I stopped by The Looking Bronze and had got your "Fortune for Today." Ruoyue, the owner, said these sparkling stones were your lucky charms, so I brought them back for you. They'll bring you good fortune.
Hee-hee~ Hope you have good luck.
It's fine, really, take them.
As a cursed one, I've always been unlucky, but recently I've started to feel like there's more to fortune than meets the eye.
On the first day we met, I was really unlucky. Fyxestroll Garden was haunted, Tail disappeared... Do you remember?
But it was also the same day I met you and got to know the ghost-hunting squad... That must be a sign of good luck, I suppose.
Bad luck and good luck, all mixed together. Funny when you think about it, right?
May these charms bring you good luck.
...Th—That's right. I won't let us down.
C—Captain? You can just call me Huohuo.
I'm really surprised that Madam Hanya asked me to be the leader of the ghost-hunting squad.
After Tail disappeared, I thought for sure the Commission would ask me to resign, but for some reason... A—Anyway, I'll do my best to carry out my duties!
Actually, I'm not sure if I can be helpful anymore...
After Tail disappeared, I thought for sure the Commission would ask me to resign... but for some reason, Madam Hanya asked me to be the leader of the ghost-hunting squad.
A—Anyway, I'll do my best to carry out my duties!
As for our mission... Cirrus was locked up in Fyxestroll Garden, but there were a lot of other heliobi that escaped after the Creation Furnace was broken.
According to the Ten-Lords Commission's understanding of heliobi behavior, they tend to roam densely populated areas in search of hosts... and wherever they go, there are bound to be reports of "supernatural phenomena."
Little Gui, can you show us the website we'll be using for intel?
Ghostly Grove is the most renowned website for paranormal enthusiasts on the Luofu. Everyone who loves the mysterious and the unexplained knows about it.
I used to go there to read first-hand accounts of ghost sightings whenever I needed to build up my courage.
We can get our leads from this website and then investigate them posing as paranormal investigators.
That means we can operate more efficiently, and with a low profile... If people started to see a spiritfarer making door-to-door visits, they might begin to panic... and that would give the heliobi even more power over their hosts.
Mm. Plus, the spiritfarers from the Ten-Lords Commission will be carrying out their own investigation in secret as well.
Another thing we have to think about is that heliobi feed on the emotions of their hosts. They can even manipulate a host into revealing their deepest secrets...
Wouldn't posting a victim's personal information online... cause even more harm to the victim? I—I'm not trying to pick holes... just raising some concerns.
It looks like the work of a heliobus... The heliobi are masters of manipulating the senses. There are stories of heliobi changing their shape and appearance to disguise themselves as someone else.
Before we head out, let's make sure we have our intel in order.
If we can better understand what a heliobus wants to do — and what it's capable of doing — it'll be easier for us to help the victim.
Interviewing witnesses might give us some clues, but they won't know anything about heliobi. I... I think I have an idea... We have another source of intel we could use...
Th—The thought of seeing Cirrus sends shivers down my spine... but I bet Cirrus would be eager to see me again... they'd devour me whole if they could.
I think Tail made a fool of Cirrus, and Cirrus has a held a grudge ever since. If we can get them worked up over it, we might be able to use them to our advantage.
D—Don't be ridiculous... We can't allow the host to be harmed.
Cirrus... you must be unhappy with how things turned out, right?
I... I don't care about that at all... but I can't help but notice — you managed to escape the furnace, and now you're stuck here, unable to move an inch, while the other heliobi are roaming around the Luofu enjoying themselves... Must be quite frustrating.
The general...?
Deal! I'll submit a request to the Seat of Divine Foresight.
General, we know you have important matters to attend to, and the Ten-Lords Commission shouldn't be bothering you with something as trivial as the heliobi... but if we allow those creatures to roam freely, I'm afraid...
General, heliobi are vile creatures capable of taking over the bodies of mortals... If you're unsure...
Cirrus, we have brought you the person you wish to see. This is General Jing Yuan, the one who now sits at the Seat of Divine Foresight.
Wait... he means us!? W—W—W—We'll be okay, right?
Not so fast! Before we fight again, you need to answer one question, like you promised.
Look... is this something a heliobus could have done?
I think they're telling the truth... Heliobi do have different personalities, and they can be influenced by the personality of their host.
If a heliobus possesses a great warrior, they might gradually take on a braver, fiercer persona... and if their host is a playful child, they may adopt a childlike spirit.
Mm... This intel should be a big help.
Lady Bailu disappeared into thin air — they must be pretty confused. Remember, we have to keep our identities secret when we interview them... and don't mention anything about the heliobi — people might start panicking...
Huh? Umm... Ah, yes! I—I'm a very professional expert... and I'd be happy to share my expert knowledge! In fact, Cloudhymn magic isn't the only magic out there that can achieve such feats — we foxians can use our foxfire to make ourselves invisible!
...Wh—Why are there two of her?
I—It's okay, Miss. Sushang... I've worked in the Ten-Lords Commission for many years now, but I'm still not used to their tricks...
They're eluding our senses, but they won't have gone far... We just need to look around.
They must know that we're following... but now that we know its hiding spot, it's time to use this.
This is the Harmonic Chime. It's an item that the Ten-Lords Commission forged to help deal with the heliobi after the Fyxestroll Garden incident.
Heliobi create illusions to isolate their victims... but if we ring this chime, our thought-waves will synchronize with those of the heliobus. As for how it works... I'm afraid that would take the rest of the day to explain.
Exactly... but once we're inside the illusion, we'll still have to figure out a way to catch Luxie.
Mm... please be careful.
Mm... be careful not to hurt yourself.
Heliobi don't really fall under "good" or "evil" — they just act according to their desires and emotions. I hope the others will be just as easy to subdue.
We're not done yet... Madam Hanya said that once we've subdued a heliobus, we should return to Fyxestroll Garden and lock them inside one of the Evil Binding Matrix's suppression towers.
But there are still lots of heliobi roaming around out there... we can't rest for too long.
I sure hope so...
That's what I'm worried about too — doesn't feel very reliable...
I guess we have to give it a go... I don't see any other options.
I can't help thinking that if Tail is out there, there'll be traces of him on the Internet. He had a big personality...
...but when Tail disappeared, my tail — my real tail... it disappeared too. Now my reflection looks weird to me, and I hate work even more than before...
...M—Maybe that's all just a bunch of excuses... The truth is... I miss him.
Thank you... if we're ever going to find Tail, now's the best chance we have.
Mm... I guess so. Maybe he ran away, or broke into tiny pieces... Either way, I'd like to know what happened to him.
O—Of course, finding Tail isn't our top priority right now — we need to catch and subdue all the fleeing escaped heliobi as soon as possible.
Tail... The important thing right now is stopping the heliobi from causing chaos.
I can hear laughter, but where's it coming from...?
Remember, it's just a heliobus illusion...
That's... the power of a... heliobus!
Huh? We can't hunt the Dragon Lady like a wild beast...
Actually, I have one with me, but it's only effective when a heliobus is close by.
Lady Bailu — please calm down. You're not yourself right now — you're being influenced by a heliobus.
Careful! Don't let them manipulate you.
Careful! Don't let them manipulate you.
Umm, c—can we not linger around here too long? This place is really spooky... Maybe we can chat somewhere else?
The Lunaumbra Gourd is in place. If we can chase Lady Bailu to this spot, we should be able to catch her...
Umm... b—be careful, okay?
...?
That's the Celestial Jade player over at Exalting Sanctum! Whenever I pass through on official business, I always see her with loads of other players.
Miss Sushang, I think you missed the interesting part...
The description in this comment is really suspicious, it definitely sounds like heliobi activity to me... and if heliobi have managed to infiltrate the Divination Commission, that spells big trouble for the Luofu.
That's a good idea. We should send out a message, or people's curiosity will get the better of them.
One victory equals one question... don't forget the agreement you made with the general.
...R—Really?
That's what I wanted to hear.
The fact that you're trying so hard to persuade me means that you're not sure of victory either.
If you were, you'd have devoured us without hesitation. Am I right, Cirrus?
We did it...
We think the Divination Commission has been infiltrated by a heliobus, but we don't know which one.
It looks like we have a clear target this time. Let's get going.
I—I'm afraid not, Miss Qingque. Something unexpected happened... I'm just not sure how to explain it...
Miss Sushang, we're supposed to be operating in secret!
Hmm... I suppose Miss Qingque should be safe enough — the one we're chasing probably has a more... complicated target...
In that case, Miss Qingque, could you stand guard here for us while we investigate?
I mean, you could leave, but... Wait, are you thinking of coming with us? Didn't you see how bad the situation was...?
Look, Diviner Fu is standing at the center of the Matrix of Prescience... what is she doing?
We could try ringing the Harmonic Chime... If we're close enough, we should be able to enter the heliobus's illusion.
...Or perhaps we should call you Keralum?
I'm not sure what to do... The heliobus isn't trying to trap us inside the illusion, and it doesn't look interested in attacking us either...
It's normal to experience some discomfort after being possessed by a heliobus, but nothing a few medicinal pellets can't take care of.
Heliobi are good at finding people's weaknesses and exploiting them... Everyone has some kind of weakness — you're not to blame.
We won't delay you any longer. We need to go to Fyxestroll Garden and seal Keralum away.
Thanks, Madam Hanya...
...but we really couldn't have defeated Keralum without Miss Qingque's help.
Mm, but let's talk to Cirrus again first.
What is this...?
What do we do... I don't think we can persuade her...
...Miss Qingque?
This maze was designed by Keralum. It's no use — there aren't any other solutions. As long as we're playing this so-called game of destiny, we can't win.
I didn't mean like that...
Miss Qingque, I don't know how you're planning to solve the puzzle... but I'll support this squad to the end...
"Diner haunted! Evil spirit breaks into restaurant and eats double its body weight in food!" ...Do you think Tail did this? Seems like his style...
What about this one... "Paranormal activity reported at exclusive horror immersia! Guests experience haunting within seven days of screening!"
It reminds me of when I used to watch horror immersia to train my courage... whenever there was a suspenseful moment, Tail would jump up and scare me.
I feel like Tail is still around... but if so, why didn't he come back to see me?
I... Thank you, Miss Gui. I... I don't really get compliments. Without the encouragement of you squad members...
Ahem. Working with you guys has made me feel a little more confident... but it's hard not to think about the days when Tail was still around...
Back then I was a useless coward — I'd hide at the first sign of trouble. Tail would always complain about it... but he'd also get me out of danger.
Hey! Look at this!
Tail or no Tail — it's definitely the work of a heliobus!
Be careful everyone — this sounds like a very aggressive heliobus.
Mr. Cloud Knight sir, the Ten-Lords Commission will handle this. Thank you for your cooperation.
Don't worry, this sort of thing is our specialty.
His life isn't in danger, but his hands and feet are spasming... and his speech is incoherent. I think he's experiencing a delusion that he can't snap out of.
Mr. Cloud Knight sir, are you okay? Can you answer a few questions for me? Do you remember what happened to you?
D—Danger...? Miss Sushang, don't scare me like that — what kind of evil would be strong enough to pose a threat to Yanqing?
Follow the sword. No matter what, we have to find Yanqing before things get even worse.
This is the dock for Dragonprayer Terrace. Judging by the sword's behavior... that's where Yanqing is.
The General has been supporting our ghost-hunting squad from the very beginning — it's time to return the favor.
Even if it wasn't for the general's sake, as a judge, I can't let a heliobus take over someone as dangerous as Yanqing.
A spiritfarer told me that the General is still in Fyxestroll Garden — let's hurry!
I think the only one that can break Yanqing's illusion is Jing Yuan himself...
General, we need to move fast — if we wait any longer, I'm afraid that Sushang might be—
Phew, th—that was a big risk, Miss Sushang...
I—If I still had my tail... I wouldn't be slowing everyone down...
It's not your fault Miss Sushang, it's just... I've been wondering — how can someone average like me keep up with the affairs of the Ten-Lords Commission without my tail?
...Forget it. We should get some rest — there could be even bigger dangers waiting for us tomorrow.
Miss Sushang, you—
All's well that ends well. We should hurry back and lock Apyra in the Evil Binding Matrix... They're a dangerous one — I'm afraid they might escape!
Why is he attacking us!?
Thank you, all of you. Are you the ones who brought Tail back?
That's just what Miss Guinaifen calls me... hehe.
...It's not because of me, is it?
They keep on coming back for more... What should we do, Tail?
So just like what happened to Ignamar, once a heliobus realizes they're going to lose, they'll shatter?
Mm... According to the Ten Lords, Tail must be supervised by a judge... I'll make sure to take good care of Mr. Tail.
...Besides, when Mr. Tail isn't around, the other heliobi pick on me. I feel safer when Tail is here.
Yes ma'am!
Madam Hanya, p—please, let Little Gui carry on uploading... I can't fall asleep without browsing Ghostly Grove before bed...
Mom?
Is this an illusion? Mom, what are you doing here? I've missed you so much.
But I'm still me... I'm the one in control...
...Is my sister okay?
...
H—Hey... I remember you...
...
I—I'm not trying to make you feel sorry for me...
You're all so mean...
But... I'm not a monster...
Tail? How are you... how are you still here? ...I see now... You're leaving me too...
Everyone always leaves me... I don't want to be alone, not again...
Please, Tail, no more words! I can't bear to see you fade away...
They've all gone... all abandoned me...
Everyone will leave... they always do, eventually...
...They aren't here.
...Wh—Who's back?
...
They're only here because you possessed them and made them come back. This isn't what I meant...
Tail... you're not an illusion... You're here! You're actually Tail!
Where have you been all this time? I thought you were already...
I'm sorry... I guess I still am...
...What other choice did I have? I suspected that Cirrus was deceiving me, but the thought of losing you forever was... unbearable.
You know what? They left, let them be. I'm not a people person anyway. Without you, Tail, they'd have left me just the same...
...but you came back for me... and that's all I need.
Where... where am I? T—Tail, are you here?
I... I feel like I've been possessed. Tail, is that you?
...No, it can't be him. Tail always said only the most privileged are worthy of being his host.
...Stop overthinking, Huohuo. What should I do now?
What should I do?
Tail...
It's so peaceful here...
I feel an invisible presence...
I heard the conductor say...
I need some advice...
...
(Hmm... Maybe Dan Heng locked it?)
Pom-Pom's so dejected all of a sudden...
(Pom-Pom still seems a little sad...)
(I wonder if she even remembers we've got a job to do down there...)
Looks like that's all the researchers who need help. Let's go check in with Asta.
(Is this... the space station?)
(There seems to be the sound of electronic equipment...)
(But... can he really sleep on such a hard bed?)
(How did he know... Did my gaze betray me!?)
(I wonder if this is the only style of clothes he owns...)
(The door is unlocked. Should I go in?)
(Just one look should be fine, right?)
(Better to wait till the room's owner comes back.)
(Did March 7th take all these pictures...?)
(There are even pictures of the space station...)
Make a choice I won't regret... reach the future...
(So much has happened in such a short time...)
(She really does love photography...)
(I can't tell what plant this is. Maybe I'll ask March 7th next time.)
(With such a huge doll on the bed, wouldn't it feel really cramped at night?)
(This looks like a souvenir from the journeys... right? Probably.)
We should be getting back to the Express. Time to find March and Dan Heng.
(There goes Serval... I better send Himeko a text and ask about the request...)
(...or I guess I could ask Mr. Yang — or Pom-Pom?)
(Hmm, who's the best one to ask...?)
(Let's send a message to Himeko...)
(Let's send a message to Mr. Yang...)
(Let's send a message to Pom-Pom...)
(Looks like Gepard's got his work cut out for him...)
(I gotta find March 7th and Dan Heng... but where should I start?)
(That voice again... such a strange dream.)
(May as well go for a walk if I can't sleep.)
(Ahh, that was a good sleep.)
(I should go meet up with March and Dan Heng.)
(Everyone rushed outside... I should probably see what's happening.)
...
(Time to head to the next stop. Let's meet up with everyone in the Parlor Car...)
(There's still some time before the jump... I should talk to everyone.)
(It's about time... I should find a seat.)
(Is March 7th still packing her luggage...?)
(This is, no way...)
(Am I supposed to walk up the wall...?)
(How is this even possible!?)
(She can hear the thoughts in my head?)
(Acheron left... Strange... I can't shake off this odd feeling I have...)
(Forget it. It's taken a while, but at least I can finally enter the dream... Hmm?)
(So this is... the Dreamscape?)
(The atmosphere here creeps me out, and... what was that weird noise just now?)
(A... note?)
(Seems like it's over. Time to work the Dreampool according to the Dreamscape Pass' instructions...)
(Hmm? He's...)
(It's time to head back to my room... Before entering the dream, I should probably talk to the rest.)
(Odd... Why's my room door open?)
(I thought I heard a familiar voice... Is it coming from the painting?)
(Behind this door is the real Penacony... I'm looking forward to it.)
(Where's March 7th? Has she returned to her room already?)
(The Dreamscape Sales Store... Should I visit it?)
(This place is bustling. There are so many people living in the dreamscape...)
(Wait, did that billboard just move!?)
(According to the map, that is the Dreamscape Sales Store... Is that... a giant eyeball?)
(I was hoping I would find some clues about the Nameless up here... Well, can't expect it to be that easy...)
(What's going on? What's all the commotion about?)
(It's not a bad idea to get to know about this place.)
(What's taking Firefly so long? Eh, she's heading toward the bar...)
(I've used up all the tokens. Time to meet Firefly.)
(What did Sampo mean? Is Firefly hiding something?)
(...I must find her and demand an explanation from her. She shouldn't be too far off...)
(The name of Misha rings a bell to me... Anyway, better check out what's going on.)
...
(Perhaps... Clockie's Clockwork trick can come in handy? This doesn't count as malicious intent, right...)
(Different points in space are... linked together!?)
(...Someone's singing? Where is the sound coming from?)
(...Eh? Is something... crying for help over there?)
(Her secret stronghold is... a cafe?)
(I'd better stay close to Firefly...)
(I can sense his penetrating gaze. Let's turn around...)
(Come to think of it, I wonder if I have to go to the hotel to return to reality...)
(...Strange, where's everyone gone?)
(Sampo? Is that guy up to no good again?)
(Ugh... This... What is this place?)
(I'm back at the hotel? No, this feeling... The surroundings look a little like I just entered a dream...)
(Can't get in touch with...)
(This is too weird...)
(...Firefly?)
(Is this... the clinic in the Belobog Underworld? Why is it empty?)
(Is this... another note?)
(...)
(I'm confused...)
(I've finally collected three Proofs of Trust... Let's go back and deliver them.)
(Is this where the final battle will take place... Not sure how I feel about this...)
(Such a tragic scene...)
(...Didn't they say the Garbage King would wait for me here?)
(Have I been set up?)
(Back in this familiar room...)
(What's going on? That weird feeling is back again...)
(What's going on? That weird feeling is back again...)
(Looks like this monster was slain by a thermic weapon...)
(Looks like this monster died of a hyperthermic reaction...)
(Acheron is the Emanator of a particular Aeon? Can I really believe Aventurine...?)
(But he gave me a choice... Maybe I should talk to Black Swan again.)
(We'll be busy for a while. I wonder if Firefly's returned to reality yet...)
(...Hmm, I don't have her contact info, I'll ask Black Swan...)
(March's room is this way... I should go meet up with her.)
(Go and meet Aventurine, or... I could still choose not to help...)
(There's no way outta here without the Memokeeper's help... Let's chat with Black Swan for now.)
(Aventurine just sauntered off... He really doesn't mean to force it, but something still seems off...)
(Black Swan... What is she thinking?)
(So much has happened... I should take a moment to gather my thoughts, and wait for everyone to arrive...)
(A Family rep... Is Himeko okay...)
(Looks like Aventurine is happy with this outcome... Let's tell everyone about it.)
(Those two people look a little familiar...)
(...So that's it, they were the pair who were after Firefly at the time.)
(Looks like he still doesn't want to budge an inch...)
(Looks like he still doesn't want to budge an inch...)
(She's still not leaving... Maybe I'll have to try again.)
(She's still not leaving... Maybe I'll have to try again.)
(Things might get out of control if she gets any angrier... I need to come up with another plan.)
(The real Dreamscape, the land of the exiles... Before we go, should we speak to everyone first?)
(No way, I think I just saw someone... someone extraordinary)
(That voice... Is that Black Swan?)
(Penacony's journey ends here...)
(I guess it was pretty fruitful.)
(When did the Express become so lively...?)
(There's still some time before the jump... What should I do?)
These people are...?
(It's... Robin?)
(...So strange. Seems like Asta and Arlan are in trouble...)
(Still, it all sounds like hearsay to me. Better keep them in the dark for now.)
(Himeko seems to be on good terms with the folks on the space station. Maybe I should tell her first.)
(The rumors are already circulating. Let's gather some intel first.)
(A young man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe. Which one is Richard_Knowitall?)
(Seems like it's all just a scare...)
(But it's easy to make rumors and hard to dispel them. I better let Asta know.)
(Doesn't fit Gossipmonger's descriptions...)
(She said... a young man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe.)
(Insert dramatic pause and sudden drama here...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(His words match Arlan's work plan records. Seems like he does have key information.)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(His words match Arlan's work plans. Seems like he does have key information.)
(I can't let him get away like this. If he doesn't want to tell me, then...)
(Transcript? They've recorded Arlan's conversation with Capote...?)
(I didn't think a clue like that would suddenly pop up...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(I can't let him get away like this. If he doesn't want to tell me, then...)
(Transcript? They've recorded Arlan's conversation with Capote...?)
(I didn't think a clue like that would suddenly pop up...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(This is the one who mentioned the transcript just now...)
(So Peppy can locate March just by looking at a photo of her...)
(...Is he really using scent to track?)
(Check around the Express...)
*sigh*
Let's go talk with the others.
(I think I was...)
(I think she mentioned something important, but I can't remember.)
(If only there were some hints, then maybe...)
(I think she mentioned something important, but I can't remember.)
(If only there were some hints, then maybe...)
(My memory is kind of hazy. What did I do after that?)
(I think Herta mentioned Asta... That's right, I think I visited Asta...)
(This is what I recall before I met Herta, but I can't remember some of the details.)
(Let me try to remember the conversation with Asta.)
(I can't recall the other person, but one of them was Hinkel. I remember her...)
(The other person should be from the Department of Insight. I need to remember who it is...)
(What did Emily say...?)
(I need to go over it from the start... starting with the conversation I had with Herta...)
(These two aren't making any sense... this is so weird.)
(The Xianzhou species Emily mentioned seems to be what inspired Adler.)
(The disappearances Asta mentioned are likely related to Arlan's investigations too.)
(Now I should be able to tie everything together.)
(Asta seems to have mentioned two names... two researchers from the Departments of Ecology and Insight...)
(So I did consult someone other than Hinkel. The only thing I remember is that they're from the Department of Insight.)
(Identifying that person is crucial — it could be the key to making sense of everything)
(Not here... That person is probably with the Department of Insight.)
(So I did consult someone other than Hinkel. The only thing I remember is that they're from the Department of Insight.)
(Adler, Adler... Right, then I ran into Arlan. Adler was with him.)
(It was at...)
(I can't recall the other person, but one of them was Hinkel. I remember her...)
(Adler was with Arlan. They were involved in some sort of incident...)
(...They seem to be hiding something.)
(Huh? What did I say?)
(Adler seems to have gotten a lead, but... what was the information I forgot? And from whom?)
(No, not this road. I didn't go there.)
(It's happening again... The words in my memory are all jumbled up.)
(Time to carefully recall my memories again...)
(Here too... My memories are just a jumbled mess of words.)
(Did my memory piece together irrelevant information?)
(Now I remember — the other person is Emily! She was at the base zone.)
(Just as I thought, I vaguely remember that Arlan said more... It's related to the thing I forgot...)
(Let's go over it from the start, I may have overlooked something... Right — Asta mentioned another name.)
(Spontaneous combustion of the human body... that is most likely the truth.)
(Let me remember my initial conversation with Herta, just in case...)
(My memories of Arlan and Adler are hazy. I need to remember the other person Asta mentioned.)
(I think I missed something. I need to think harder.)
(It's happening again... The words in my memory are all jumbled up.)
If you knew Herta, then you wouldn't find it weird...
...
(Herta didn't mention the name of the Curio. We were talking about something else, and she just mentioned it in passing...)
However, she did give a thorough description of the Curio. I didn't make that up.
(Why do I feel like I'm being looked down on...?)
Sure, but you're the one saying the Curio in question is "ordinary."
The Curio isn't the point. Herta was only addressing it because of its relation to the Genius Society.
I remember now. Back then... back then...
Yes, to get more information about the Curio.
I didn't get a direct answer, but Asta recommended I seek out a researcher who could help.
Asta isn't trying to hide anything. It's because of her position... some things shouldn't be said in the open.
The space station has been very distrustful of its higher management ever since the Antimatter Legion's invasion.
Another severe incident would further intensify suspicion and cause great internal strife.
Yes, I ran into Arlan when looking for Adler.
A Level II Researcher. According to the Department of Ecology head, he knows more about Curios than anyone else. He happened to be helping Arlan investigate the disappearances.
Adler seemed to have had an idea at the time, but he never contacted me again.
(No connection? I disagree — there should be evidence linking them together. If I review a certain record...)
No. If I recall correctly, Asta said: "One of Madam Herta's puppets was attacked by an unknown perpetrator. We don't know the location of the puppet, and we can't pinpoint its signal."
"Don't know the location..." isn't that the same as missing?
There should be evidence. Arlan discovered something odd when he was investigating the disappearances.
The space station's automatic fire-suppression system was momentarily activated around the time the disappearances happened. Arlan mentioned that each victim disappeared due to spontaneous combustion...
That's what's so odd about it — but this information has an additional layer of importance.
This may not be direct evidence, but if the system also recorded the fire-suppression system activating when the puppet was attacked...
...then there's ample evidence to indicate that these two cases are linked.
Doubt me all you like. I'm just an outsider who got unexpectedly dragged into this mess.
You and I are no different — we both stumbled into this, but you decided to assume the role of interrogator.
(True... the keywords that got Adler thinking were "Energy Lifeforms." Duke Inferno is also an energy lifeform. Coincidence?)
(We need to investigate this...)
I understand. So the answer is... is...
No. My research area is short stories about toilets.
(...?)
(What's going on... what am I... talking about?)
The dessert was tasty. I would like more.
(...?)
(Wh—Why can't I say what I want to say!?)
You're so cute! Can I get an autograph?
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
I'll solve the space station's problems!
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
You heartless dessert.
(...I almost forgot, I can't say anything about Ruan Mei.)
Never fear, the Galactic Baseballer is here!
(...I can't even say that?)
No idea. I just listen to comedy skits.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
No idea. I just listen to comedy skits.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
I don't know about her, but I loooove fermented herring.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
(That was way too risky...)
The Simulated Universe is my home!
(...?)
(I'm speaking nonsense again...)
(...This is the "headache" Ruan Mei mentioned?)
(It's just a different flavor...)
(Did something just open?)
(Is this...?)
(...Seems like there's something new?)
(That sound's coming from above!)
(Ruan Mei... a name that's both new... and familiar.)
(There's someone next to the railway platform. Could she be...?)
(There are so many people... this seems to be the place)
Um... so this...
...is the "little lifeform" Ruan Mei made?
(I never imagined there'd be so many of them...)
(You're here too? Seems like this is the other end of that one-way path.)
(Are you telling me to keep going?)
(Huh? There's someone in the distance... who is that?)
(This is huge... The space station has an area this big?)
(An Emanator of Propagation clone!? How can that be...?)
(It'll destroy the space station...!)
(Is it over...? I need to get some answers out of Ruan Mei!)
(Sounds fitting...)
(What would a sealed zone... look like?)
(What's up with this unit? It looks different from the one in the master control zone...)
What's that noise?
Follow me. It'll be okay.
(I need to find a place for this little one... That sound seems to be from that locked room. How do I get in?)
(...Huh? What's that sound out there?)
(March was looking forward to the Solwarm Festival for ages... Looks like she's missed her chance, this time...)
(I never thought this trip would be so... *yawn* ...tiring. Time for bed...)
(Avoiding a follow-up visit due to money issues...)
(I should find another patient to talk to...)
(Avoiding a follow-up visit due to her husband...)
(I should find another patient to talk to...)
(I know where to find the wonder medicine. What should I do next...?)
(That patient didn't want me to tell Natasha about this... Should I listen to him?)
(That medicine seller sure shut up shop in a hurry...)
(I should head back and report to Natasha.)
(It looks like the patients have surrounded Natasha? Let's hear what they're saying...)
(What are these two doing sneaking around...?)
(Empty...)
(These crates were probably used to store stolen items... Someone left robots to guard them.)
(Looks like I'm too late. Let's look elsewhere.)
(Sounds like their parents bought them expensive gifts recently...)
(If people in the Underworld want to get rich, what options do they have? This is noteworthy...)
(The three rumors Swetta talked about all check out. Time to meet back up with Pela.)
(There's no response... did I remember the wrong password?)
(Uh-oh. I'm just gonna have to make up an amount. Hope it's believable...)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
...
(Sampo's probably miles away already... I should send a message to Pela.)
(Ugh, I let him get away...)
(Too late now... I'll have to wait for Pela to get here.)
{M#Hook seems to be giving me a look like: "I wanna talk to you outside the clinic, now!"}{F#Hook seems to be giving me a look that says: "Hook wants to talk to you outside the clinic, now!"}
(So that's why people call eyes the "windows to the soul.")
(Did it just... talk?)
(...Can Gepard not hear that?)
(Did it just say "Gepard" and "Serval"?)
(Huh? That girl over there... seems like she fits Serval's description.)
(That must be Lynx. Let's hide here and observe for now.)
(I should go talk to Gepard and Serval at the workshop...)
(I should give them some time together...)
(I should let those two be alone for a bit...)
(The only thing left to find is painkillers. I'll see if there's any nearby.)
(What's that sound...)
(Let's use the Home-Use Object Finder to help Hook search.)
I should tell Hook about the Geomarrow Probe... She might want to help Fersman get his treasure back.
(The gemologist will be bidding too. Hook's teddy bear may be the center of attention.)
(We could find the auctioneer now and wait for the bidding to begin...)
(...Although there is still some time left. We could also see if we missed any buyers...)
(So Gertie's hunting for children's toys? Maybe we can persuade her to bid on Hook's teddy bear too.)
(That is such an odd reason to be scrapped...)
(However, the shell appears to be in good condition, so I'll bring it with me.)
(Robot pet battles sound a little frightening...)
(The inside of the armor is a total mess due to being melted by the heat. Unfortunately, it appears to be useless.)
(I should come back to Clara later.)
(Both have provided their solutions...)
(Svarog thinks that formatting Pascal's data and integrating him into the base's network is necessary, but doing so will deprive Pascal of his special emotional intelligence.)
(Although it may sound cruel, this approach best prevents Pascal from posing a threat...)
(Clara thinks she can use programming to control Pascal's behavior and prevent him from causing harm while keeping his emotional intelligence intact. However, this doesn't address the root of the issue, and it also requires Clara to devote much time and effort to Pascal.)
(Although Clara will use Pascal's emotional intelligence to help guide him in the right direction, Pascal could still go out of control in the future.)
(In addition, Pascal has a history of stealing, even though he never caused any harm to anyone. This is also a major concern.)
(What is most important here? I need to think carefully and choose one solution, then persuade the other person.)
(Let's get out of here...)
(I think it's over... I'll check in with Clara later to see what's up.)
(My choice will have a direct impact on the outcome... I should mull it over.)
(I'll wait for them here...)
(Hmm... I'll ask first and then decide what to do.)
(There's more to this Alchemy Commission doctor than meets the eye. I wonder if I can glean more clues from him.)
(Feels like I'm still missing an important clue... more investigation needed.)
(That's an Alchemy Commission doctor's uniform alright.)
(Dahao did say there was suspicion surrounding the Alchemy Commission...)
I'd better take this.
(...or, maybe that's not necessary...)
(How can I prove the doctor from the Alchemy Commission was looking for Banxia?)
Here's the proof!
(...Does this prescription really have anything to do with Banxia?)
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
(Wanted her to treat the mara-struck? Suspicious... Could she be a disciple of Sanctus Medicus? I wonder if I have any evidence...)
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
This is a prescription from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. Bailu, can you take a look?
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
(I should ask Bailu what she thinks about all this first.)
(Let's start with this area and see if we can find any clues nearby.)
(It looks like Banxia's sweetheart was tracked by the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus and had to switch location.)
(I should go and tell Banxia and Bailu.)
(I thought Mr. Yang said we shouldn't interject... What should I say?)
(This divine object is a testament to Yukong's devotion to The Hunt... Qingni believes it's a sign that Yukong still misses the life of a fighter pilot...)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(Qingni remembers that Yukong has always avoided talking about her career as a fighter pilot, and that she wants to prevent Qingni from following the same path... Why?)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(Qingni's birth mother, Caiyi, was Yukong's lifelong friend. When Caiyi passed away in that devastating war, Yukong adopted her daughter. Perhaps this unbearable memory is the root of Yukong's concerns...)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(It's clear that Yukong suffered greatly after that terrible war. Is that why she doesn't want Qingni to be a fighter pilot?)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(I should open it with Bailu.)
(Hiding out at the Divination Commission... that's a bold decision.)
(She should be around here somewhere...)
That's Blade. Kafka says he's Mara-struck.
(Huh? What do I... think about Kafka?)
(How should I answer? If I tell the truth, I have to lie the next time, and vice versa. Or I could just cheat... Is that really an option?)
(Better to tell it like it is...)
(If I tell a lie this time, I'll have to tell the truth next time...)
(So I get two questions, only one of which Kafka will answer truthfully... but I won't know which answer is which...)
(What should I ask?)
(When I came to on the space station, I remember seeing Kafka... but everything before that is a blur. Shouldn't I ask about my past?)
(What kind of question is that? ...Will we see each other again? She'd know the answer to that one...)
(As for whether I'd want to, it seems obvious to me...)
(...I guess I do want to see her again.)
(So, my answer is...)
(...No, I don't want to deal with this lady again.)
(So, my answer is...)
(I don't know if Kafka was telling the truth in the previous question, but one thing's certain: For this question, she'll have to answer according to the rules.)
(Should I venture into a whole new topic?)
(When I came to on the space station, I remember seeing Kafka... but everything before that is a blur. Shouldn't I ask about my past?)
Is this... a letter?
(Upend the ancient sea and return to old ground... It's a letter for Dan Heng, but who is it from? I should ask the conductor...)
(Unlikely. If the general sent the letter, he would've signed it.)
(I highly doubt Dan Heng's enemy would send an invitation letter...)
(Green Hibiscus agreed to meet me here, but there's no sight of him. What gives?)
(There's a letter here... What's this on the envelope? "Gray Peony..." This must be from Green Hibiscus.)
(The Disciples sure know how to keep a low profile... Looks like I'll need to help them complete this mission.)
(If they're looking to intercept a letter, then I should probably search around the Exalting Sanctum's Cycrane Stand.)
(It doesn't seem to be on this Cycrane Stand. Let's check out another one.)
(What's written on this package? "Seat of Divine Foresight, Urgent..." This is it — the mail the Disciples want to intercept.)
(Hmm, seems like it's encrypted somehow... Makes sense, this is critical intelligence after all... Let's see if I can crack the code.)
(Code cracked... Huh, it's an internal order from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(Judging from these "Urgent Instructions," the Disciples are aware of a Seat of Divine Foresight operation to infiltrate their ranks... No wonder Green Hibiscus was so eager to intercept this.)
(I'll use my phone to make a copy and then hand it over to Green Hibiscus.)
(It's an internal order from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(Judging from these "Urgent Instructions," the Disciples are aware of a Seat of Divine Foresight operation to infiltrate their ranks... No wonder Green Hibiscus was so eager to intercept this.)
(I'll use my phone to make a copy and then hand it over to Green Hibiscus.)
(So Mauve Moon was the agent that Qingzu lost contact with... he joined the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(I should go to the Seat of Divine Foresight and tell Qingzu... I don't know if this mission was a success or a failure.)
If what she said is true, we won't have to explain anything...
(Looks like Dan Shu found something conclusive — let's go and talk to her.)
(Why does she wander about alone...?)
(*sigh* Well, I've delivered the medicine. I should report back to Dan Shu.)
(Dan Shu needs more time to prepare my gift. There's nothing pressing right now, why not head over to Spare Time Book Shop for a while?)
(Hmm... Tastes a bit strange, but no adverse reactions so far...)
(Wait a minute... Argh, my head... What's happening?)
(S—Something's wrong — I'm burning up... Feels like I can't breathe...)
(Whew... Seems to be calming down a little, but still uncomfortable...)
(This doesn't seem right, I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(It's not that I don't trust Dan Shu... but this doesn't seem like something I should take lightly.)
(Something feels off — I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(Argh... There goes my head again... Is Dan Shu sure this Brumedew is safe for consumption?)
(What's happening? Isn't this the Seat of Divine Foresight? Why are there so many mara-struck here...)
(No... I can't let them... get near me...)
(Dan Shu isn't here... Where could she be?)
(I've got it. Dan Shu's medicine box has her scent on it — I'll ask the Diting that Qingzu lent me to track her.)
(That's... Dan Shu... with a group of Disciples... I guess that tells me all I need to know...)
(*sigh* ...I'd better report my findings to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(*sigh* ...I'd better report my findings to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(Is this the one Dan Shu sent me to find? Does she come here to treat other sightless people?)
Time to come out, little Diting. I need you to help me find Dan Shu.
(Wasn't I... just here a moment ago?)
(What is going on? I looped back again?)
(It seems like the paths here are being twisted by some sort of illusion...)
These are no ordinary ingenia.
(Isn't this... where I started?)
(I need to look closely around this place again... Maybe I can break out of the cycle.)
(There's a book of ghost stories here, just like before. Could it have anything to do with this puzzle?)
Guinaifen? Where are you? Huohuo, stay close...
Huohuo? Oh no. Where did she go...?
Is this... a mirror? It looks a little creepy...
(...Where am I?)
(Is this... Fyxestroll Garden? But it looks different somehow...)
(... I should keep moving.)
Give it up. Guinaifen was probably eaten by the heliobi already.
There's no point in following me. I'm leaving, and you're not coming with me. Goodbye!
The Ten-Lords Commission needs to overhaul their hiring criteria. How did someone as useless as you ever become a judge?
Haha... Hahahaha! Oh, this is funny! This is just too funny! I thought you'd already escaped the Furnace's destiny of torture!?
Who would have thought that a piece of Ignamar the Great — the fragment with the most fight in it — would become a guard dog sealed inside a crybaby...
Oh! Forgive me! Did I say guard dog? No, no, no, that won't do... You're just a guard dog's "tail," right? Just a tail, a tail, a tail!
H—How t—t—terrifying, ahahaha...! The joke's on you!
You couldn't leave that judge's body if you tried! You can't eat her, let alone escape from her. Ahahaha, "Mr. Tail." You're pathetic~
(Didn't I see a similar mirror when I was dragged in?)
Furynox! Furynox...!
Before you duel the general, why don't you fight me?
That group of amateurs you've put together? Hah. They're nothing compared to me.
I have already obtained the most wonderful pawn for myself — a piece that once expelled Phantylia!
Then send the spiritfarers under your control to find me. If you can defeat this Nameless I'm possessing, then you can swallow me up and let my strength aid you in your fight against the general. What do you say?
(I wonder how Huohuo is doing... I should check up on her.)
(Seele and Oleg... I wonder what they're talking about?)
(I'll go ask them.)
Go, Luka!
Go, Svarog!
(Ask the conductor about what happened...)
(Looks like Mr. Yang really can't see it...)
(Seems like I'm the only one who can see it...)
(That should do it...)
(Hmm? The mirror is still here...)
(He has a strong intuition...)
(Seems like Topaz is on the phone...)
(Let's not disturb her...)
(Topaz is still on the phone...)
(Having a job at the IPC sure is a lot of work...)
(Bronya seems to be asleep...)
(I should see what the other customers have to say about the food here...)
Let's check and see if there's anything suspicious.
I didn't see any boxes, only the Golden Cloud Toad.
Why do you emphasize that this matter has nothing to do with you?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
I think this has a lot to do with you...
Does being a dock worker mean that person can't conspire with the IPC?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
Take a look at this.
Take a look at this.
Why couldn't the IPC operate the dock from the beginning?
The Merchant Guild has never refused to work with any shops in Aurum Alley.
The dock has improved shipping efficiency and transaction volume is increasing.
What makes you think we can't afford to pay the lease?
(Do we have any proof?)
We've already paid back the lease.
How did you know about the frequent accidents at the dock?
Is it possible that you paid off a dock worker to do your bidding?
(Do we have any proof?)
We have the testimony of A-Feng.
Take a look at this.
Since we share the same passion, where is it that we disagree?
Our proposal is different from the IPC's!
Do you have data to support your statements?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
There are actually more customers coming to the Alley!
You can't just rely on your age and experience...
Are you suggesting that the Alley is a shadow of its former self?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
You've been looking at the past through rose-tinted glasses.
What makes you think we didn't draw any wisdom from history?
Take a look at this.
And if we're not?
We did much more than simply utilize the dock!
How are interastral cargo ships supposed to dock? There isn't enough room.
How can you be sure that everyone's vision aligns with yours?
(Do we have any proof?)
The shops think otherwise!
Say what you want, but we care.
(Do we have any proof?)
When people think of Aurum Alley, they think about its food. The two notions can't be separated.
You are sacrificing its identity in exchange for a fancy brand.
Take a look at this.
Take a look at this.
(Better gather more roaming data and strengthen my team...)
(It seems we won't be able to proceed until all the nearby lamps are illuminated...)
(Looks like we need to find the encryption key for the elevator first...)
(The next contest is about to begin...)
(Do I take some time to prepare, or chat with everyone to ease my nerves a bit...?)
(Seems like the two kids haven't even noticed me.)
(This is a big deal... I'd better think carefully.)
(The grand final is about to begin...)
(Do I take some time to prepare, or chat with everyone to ease my nerves a bit...?)
(Hmm... Maybe Dan Heng locked it?)
Pom-Pom's so dejected all of a sudden...
(Pom-Pom still seems a little sad...)
(I wonder if she even remembers we've got a job to do down there...)
Looks like that's all the researchers who need help. Let's go check in with Asta.
(Is this... the space station?)
(There seems to be the sound of electronic equipment...)
(But... can he really sleep on such a hard bed?)
(How did he know... Did my gaze betray me!?)
(I wonder if this is the only style of clothes he owns...)
(The door is unlocked. Should I go in?)
(Just one look should be fine, right?)
(Better to wait till the room's owner comes back.)
(Did March 7th take all these pictures...?)
(There are even pictures of the space station...)
Make a choice I won't regret... reach the future...
(So much has happened in such a short time...)
(She really does love photography...)
(I can't tell what plant this is. Maybe I'll ask March 7th next time.)
(With such a huge doll on the bed, wouldn't it feel really cramped at night?)
(This looks like a souvenir from the journeys... right? Probably.)
We should be getting back to the Express. Time to find March and Dan Heng.
(There goes Serval... I better send Himeko a text and ask about the request...)
(...or I guess I could ask Mr. Yang — or Pom-Pom?)
(Hmm, who's the best one to ask...?)
(Let's send a message to Himeko...)
(Let's send a message to Mr. Yang...)
(Let's send a message to Pom-Pom...)
(Looks like Gepard's got his work cut out for him...)
(I gotta find March 7th and Dan Heng... but where should I start?)
(That voice again... such a strange dream.)
(May as well go for a walk if I can't sleep.)
(Ahh, that was a good sleep.)
(I should go meet up with March and Dan Heng.)
(Everyone rushed outside... I should probably see what's happening.)
...
(Time to head to the next stop. Let's meet up with everyone in the Parlor Car...)
(There's still some time before the jump... I should talk to everyone.)
(It's about time... I should find a seat.)
(Is March 7th still packing her luggage...?)
(This is, no way...)
(Am I supposed to walk up the wall...?)
(How is this even possible!?)
(She can hear the thoughts in my head?)
(Acheron left... Strange... I can't shake off this odd feeling I have...)
(Forget it. It's taken a while, but at least I can finally enter the dream... Hmm?)
(So this is... the Dreamscape?)
(The atmosphere here creeps me out, and... what was that weird noise just now?)
(A... note?)
(Seems like it's over. Time to work the Dreampool according to the Dreamscape Pass' instructions...)
(Hmm? He's...)
(It's time to head back to my room... Before entering the dream, I should probably talk to the rest.)
(Odd... Why's my room door open?)
(I thought I heard a familiar voice... Is it coming from the painting?)
(Behind this door is the real Penacony... I'm looking forward to it.)
(Where's March 7th? Has she returned to her room already?)
(The Dreamscape Sales Store... Should I visit it?)
(This place is bustling. There are so many people living in the dreamscape...)
(Wait, did that billboard just move!?)
(According to the map, that is the Dreamscape Sales Store... Is that... a giant eyeball?)
(I was hoping I would find some clues about the Nameless up here... Well, can't expect it to be that easy...)
(What's going on? What's all the commotion about?)
(It's not a bad idea to get to know about this place.)
(What's taking Firefly so long? Eh, she's heading toward the bar...)
(I've used up all the tokens. Time to meet Firefly.)
(What did Sampo mean? Is Firefly hiding something?)
(...I must find her and demand an explanation from her. She shouldn't be too far off...)
(The name of Misha rings a bell to me... Anyway, better check out what's going on.)
...
(Perhaps... Clockie's Clockwork trick can come in handy? This doesn't count as malicious intent, right...)
(Different points in space are... linked together!?)
(...Someone's singing? Where is the sound coming from?)
(...Eh? Is something... crying for help over there?)
(Her secret stronghold is... a cafe?)
(I'd better stay close to Firefly...)
(I can sense his penetrating gaze. Let's turn around...)
(Come to think of it, I wonder if I have to go to the hotel to return to reality...)
(...Strange, where's everyone gone?)
(Sampo? Is that guy up to no good again?)
(Ugh... This... What is this place?)
(I'm back at the hotel? No, this feeling... The surroundings look a little like I just entered a dream...)
(Can't get in touch with...)
(This is too weird...)
(...Firefly?)
(Is this... the clinic in the Belobog Underworld? Why is it empty?)
(Is this... another note?)
(...)
(I'm confused...)
(I've finally collected three Proofs of Trust... Let's go back and deliver them.)
(Is this where the final battle will take place... Not sure how I feel about this...)
(Such a tragic scene...)
(...Didn't they say the Garbage King would wait for me here?)
(Have I been set up?)
(Back in this familiar room...)
(What's going on? That weird feeling is back again...)
(What's going on? That weird feeling is back again...)
(Looks like this monster was slain by a thermic weapon...)
(Looks like this monster died of a hyperthermic reaction...)
(Acheron is the Emanator of a particular Aeon? Can I really believe Aventurine...?)
(But he gave me a choice... Maybe I should talk to Black Swan again.)
(We'll be busy for a while. I wonder if Firefly's returned to reality yet...)
(...Hmm, I don't have her contact info, I'll ask Black Swan...)
(March's room is this way... I should go meet up with her.)
(Go and meet Aventurine, or... I could still choose not to help...)
(There's no way outta here without the Memokeeper's help... Let's chat with Black Swan for now.)
(Aventurine just sauntered off... He really doesn't mean to force it, but something still seems off...)
(Black Swan... What is she thinking?)
(So much has happened... I should take a moment to gather my thoughts, and wait for everyone to arrive...)
(A Family rep... Is Himeko okay...)
(Looks like Aventurine is happy with this outcome... Let's tell everyone about it.)
(Those two people look a little familiar...)
(...So that's it, they were the pair who were after Firefly at the time.)
(Looks like he still doesn't want to budge an inch...)
(Looks like he still doesn't want to budge an inch...)
(She's still not leaving... Maybe I'll have to try again.)
(She's still not leaving... Maybe I'll have to try again.)
(Things might get out of control if she gets any angrier... I need to come up with another plan.)
(The real Dreamscape, the land of the exiles... Before we go, should we speak to everyone first?)
(No way, I think I just saw someone... someone extraordinary)
(That voice... Is that Black Swan?)
(Penacony's journey ends here...)
(I guess it was pretty fruitful.)
(When did the Express become so lively...?)
(There's still some time before the jump... What should I do?)
These people are...?
(It's... Robin?)
(...So strange. Seems like Asta and Arlan are in trouble...)
(Still, it all sounds like hearsay to me. Better keep them in the dark for now.)
(Himeko seems to be on good terms with the folks on the space station. Maybe I should tell her first.)
(The rumors are already circulating. Let's gather some intel first.)
(A young man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe. Which one is Richard_Knowitall?)
(Seems like it's all just a scare...)
(But it's easy to make rumors and hard to dispel them. I better let Asta know.)
(Doesn't fit Gossipmonger's descriptions...)
(She said... a young man with black-rimmed glasses and a slanted fringe.)
(Insert dramatic pause and sudden drama here...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(His words match Arlan's work plan records. Seems like he does have key information.)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(His words match Arlan's work plans. Seems like he does have key information.)
(I can't let him get away like this. If he doesn't want to tell me, then...)
(Transcript? They've recorded Arlan's conversation with Capote...?)
(I didn't think a clue like that would suddenly pop up...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(I can't let him get away like this. If he doesn't want to tell me, then...)
(Transcript? They've recorded Arlan's conversation with Capote...?)
(I didn't think a clue like that would suddenly pop up...)
(Wow, the cringe is strong... I need to remember what I came here for!)
(This is the one who mentioned the transcript just now...)
(So Peppy can locate March just by looking at a photo of her...)
(...Is he really using scent to track?)
(Check around the Express...)
*sigh*
Let's go talk with the others.
(I think I was...)
(I think she mentioned something important, but I can't remember.)
(If only there were some hints, then maybe...)
(I think she mentioned something important, but I can't remember.)
(If only there were some hints, then maybe...)
(My memory is kind of hazy. What did I do after that?)
(I think Herta mentioned Asta... That's right, I think I visited Asta...)
(This is what I recall before I met Herta, but I can't remember some of the details.)
(Let me try to remember the conversation with Asta.)
(I can't recall the other person, but one of them was Hinkel. I remember her...)
(The other person should be from the Department of Insight. I need to remember who it is...)
(What did Emily say...?)
(I need to go over it from the start... starting with the conversation I had with Herta...)
(These two aren't making any sense... this is so weird.)
(The Xianzhou species Emily mentioned seems to be what inspired Adler.)
(The disappearances Asta mentioned are likely related to Arlan's investigations too.)
(Now I should be able to tie everything together.)
(Asta seems to have mentioned two names... two researchers from the Departments of Ecology and Insight...)
(So I did consult someone other than Hinkel. The only thing I remember is that they're from the Department of Insight.)
(Identifying that person is crucial — it could be the key to making sense of everything)
(Not here... That person is probably with the Department of Insight.)
(So I did consult someone other than Hinkel. The only thing I remember is that they're from the Department of Insight.)
(Adler, Adler... Right, then I ran into Arlan. Adler was with him.)
(It was at...)
(I can't recall the other person, but one of them was Hinkel. I remember her...)
(Adler was with Arlan. They were involved in some sort of incident...)
(...They seem to be hiding something.)
(Huh? What did I say?)
(Adler seems to have gotten a lead, but... what was the information I forgot? And from whom?)
(No, not this road. I didn't go there.)
(It's happening again... The words in my memory are all jumbled up.)
(Time to carefully recall my memories again...)
(Here too... My memories are just a jumbled mess of words.)
(Did my memory piece together irrelevant information?)
(Now I remember — the other person is Emily! She was at the base zone.)
(Just as I thought, I vaguely remember that Arlan said more... It's related to the thing I forgot...)
(Let's go over it from the start, I may have overlooked something... Right — Asta mentioned another name.)
(Spontaneous combustion of the human body... that is most likely the truth.)
(Let me remember my initial conversation with Herta, just in case...)
(My memories of Arlan and Adler are hazy. I need to remember the other person Asta mentioned.)
(I think I missed something. I need to think harder.)
(It's happening again... The words in my memory are all jumbled up.)
If you knew Herta, then you wouldn't find it weird...
...
(Herta didn't mention the name of the Curio. We were talking about something else, and she just mentioned it in passing...)
However, she did give a thorough description of the Curio. I didn't make that up.
(Why do I feel like I'm being looked down on...?)
Sure, but you're the one saying the Curio in question is "ordinary."
The Curio isn't the point. Herta was only addressing it because of its relation to the Genius Society.
I remember now. Back then... back then...
Yes, to get more information about the Curio.
I didn't get a direct answer, but Asta recommended I seek out a researcher who could help.
Asta isn't trying to hide anything. It's because of her position... some things shouldn't be said in the open.
The space station has been very distrustful of its higher management ever since the Antimatter Legion's invasion.
Another severe incident would further intensify suspicion and cause great internal strife.
Yes, I ran into Arlan when looking for Adler.
A Level II Researcher. According to the Department of Ecology head, he knows more about Curios than anyone else. He happened to be helping Arlan investigate the disappearances.
Adler seemed to have had an idea at the time, but he never contacted me again.
(No connection? I disagree — there should be evidence linking them together. If I review a certain record...)
No. If I recall correctly, Asta said: "One of Madam Herta's puppets was attacked by an unknown perpetrator. We don't know the location of the puppet, and we can't pinpoint its signal."
"Don't know the location..." isn't that the same as missing?
There should be evidence. Arlan discovered something odd when he was investigating the disappearances.
The space station's automatic fire-suppression system was momentarily activated around the time the disappearances happened. Arlan mentioned that each victim disappeared due to spontaneous combustion...
That's what's so odd about it — but this information has an additional layer of importance.
This may not be direct evidence, but if the system also recorded the fire-suppression system activating when the puppet was attacked...
...then there's ample evidence to indicate that these two cases are linked.
Doubt me all you like. I'm just an outsider who got unexpectedly dragged into this mess.
You and I are no different — we both stumbled into this, but you decided to assume the role of interrogator.
(True... the keywords that got Adler thinking were "Energy Lifeforms." Duke Inferno is also an energy lifeform. Coincidence?)
(We need to investigate this...)
I understand. So the answer is... is...
No. My research area is short stories about toilets.
(...?)
(What's going on... what am I... talking about?)
The dessert was tasty. I would like more.
(...?)
(Wh—Why can't I say what I want to say!?)
You're so cute! Can I get an autograph?
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
I'll solve the space station's problems!
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
You heartless dessert.
(...I almost forgot, I can't say anything about Ruan Mei.)
Never fear, the Galactic Baseballer is here!
(...I can't even say that?)
No idea. I just listen to comedy skits.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
No idea. I just listen to comedy skits.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
I don't know about her, but I loooove fermented herring.
(...So I really can't say anything about her.)
(That was way too risky...)
The Simulated Universe is my home!
(...?)
(I'm speaking nonsense again...)
(...This is the "headache" Ruan Mei mentioned?)
(It's just a different flavor...)
(Did something just open?)
(Is this...?)
(...Seems like there's something new?)
(That sound's coming from above!)
(Ruan Mei... a name that's both new... and familiar.)
(There's someone next to the railway platform. Could she be...?)
(There are so many people... this seems to be the place)
Um... so this...
...is the "little lifeform" Ruan Mei made?
(I never imagined there'd be so many of them...)
(You're here too? Seems like this is the other end of that one-way path.)
(Are you telling me to keep going?)
(Huh? There's someone in the distance... who is that?)
(This is huge... The space station has an area this big?)
(An Emanator of Propagation clone!? How can that be...?)
(It'll destroy the space station...!)
(Is it over...? I need to get some answers out of Ruan Mei!)
(Sounds fitting...)
(What would a sealed zone... look like?)
(What's up with this unit? It looks different from the one in the master control zone...)
What's that noise?
Follow me. It'll be okay.
(I need to find a place for this little one... That sound seems to be from that locked room. How do I get in?)
(...Huh? What's that sound out there?)
(March was looking forward to the Solwarm Festival for ages... Looks like she's missed her chance, this time...)
(I never thought this trip would be so... *yawn* ...tiring. Time for bed...)
(Avoiding a follow-up visit due to money issues...)
(I should find another patient to talk to...)
(Avoiding a follow-up visit due to her husband...)
(I should find another patient to talk to...)
(I know where to find the wonder medicine. What should I do next...?)
(That patient didn't want me to tell Natasha about this... Should I listen to him?)
(That medicine seller sure shut up shop in a hurry...)
(I should head back and report to Natasha.)
(It looks like the patients have surrounded Natasha? Let's hear what they're saying...)
(What are these two doing sneaking around...?)
(Empty...)
(These crates were probably used to store stolen items... Someone left robots to guard them.)
(Looks like I'm too late. Let's look elsewhere.)
(Sounds like their parents bought them expensive gifts recently...)
(If people in the Underworld want to get rich, what options do they have? This is noteworthy...)
(The three rumors Swetta talked about all check out. Time to meet back up with Pela.)
(There's no response... did I remember the wrong password?)
(Uh-oh. I'm just gonna have to make up an amount. Hope it's believable...)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
(He's starting to suspect me... that's not good.)
(I better think through the next question carefully before answering.)
...
(Sampo's probably miles away already... I should send a message to Pela.)
(Ugh, I let him get away...)
(Too late now... I'll have to wait for Pela to get here.)
{M#Hook seems to be giving me a look like: "I wanna talk to you outside the clinic, now!"}{F#Hook seems to be giving me a look that says: "Hook wants to talk to you outside the clinic, now!"}
(So that's why people call eyes the "windows to the soul.")
(Did it just... talk?)
(...Can Gepard not hear that?)
(Did it just say "Gepard" and "Serval"?)
(Huh? That girl over there... seems like she fits Serval's description.)
(That must be Lynx. Let's hide here and observe for now.)
(I should go talk to Gepard and Serval at the workshop...)
(I should give them some time together...)
(I should let those two be alone for a bit...)
(The only thing left to find is painkillers. I'll see if there's any nearby.)
(What's that sound...)
(Let's use the Home-Use Object Finder to help Hook search.)
I should tell Hook about the Geomarrow Probe... She might want to help Fersman get his treasure back.
(The gemologist will be bidding too. Hook's teddy bear may be the center of attention.)
(We could find the auctioneer now and wait for the bidding to begin...)
(...Although there is still some time left. We could also see if we missed any buyers...)
(So Gertie's hunting for children's toys? Maybe we can persuade her to bid on Hook's teddy bear too.)
(That is such an odd reason to be scrapped...)
(However, the shell appears to be in good condition, so I'll bring it with me.)
(Robot pet battles sound a little frightening...)
(The inside of the armor is a total mess due to being melted by the heat. Unfortunately, it appears to be useless.)
(I should come back to Clara later.)
(Both have provided their solutions...)
(Svarog thinks that formatting Pascal's data and integrating him into the base's network is necessary, but doing so will deprive Pascal of his special emotional intelligence.)
(Although it may sound cruel, this approach best prevents Pascal from posing a threat...)
(Clara thinks she can use programming to control Pascal's behavior and prevent him from causing harm while keeping his emotional intelligence intact. However, this doesn't address the root of the issue, and it also requires Clara to devote much time and effort to Pascal.)
(Although Clara will use Pascal's emotional intelligence to help guide him in the right direction, Pascal could still go out of control in the future.)
(In addition, Pascal has a history of stealing, even though he never caused any harm to anyone. This is also a major concern.)
(What is most important here? I need to think carefully and choose one solution, then persuade the other person.)
(Let's get out of here...)
(I think it's over... I'll check in with Clara later to see what's up.)
(My choice will have a direct impact on the outcome... I should mull it over.)
(I'll wait for them here...)
(Hmm... I'll ask first and then decide what to do.)
(There's more to this Alchemy Commission doctor than meets the eye. I wonder if I can glean more clues from him.)
(Feels like I'm still missing an important clue... more investigation needed.)
(That's an Alchemy Commission doctor's uniform alright.)
(Dahao did say there was suspicion surrounding the Alchemy Commission...)
I'd better take this.
(...or, maybe that's not necessary...)
(How can I prove the doctor from the Alchemy Commission was looking for Banxia?)
Here's the proof!
(...Does this prescription really have anything to do with Banxia?)
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
(Wanted her to treat the mara-struck? Suspicious... Could she be a disciple of Sanctus Medicus? I wonder if I have any evidence...)
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
This is a prescription from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. Bailu, can you take a look?
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
W—Wait a minute! I'll keep looking.
(I should ask Bailu what she thinks about all this first.)
(Let's start with this area and see if we can find any clues nearby.)
(It looks like Banxia's sweetheart was tracked by the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus and had to switch location.)
(I should go and tell Banxia and Bailu.)
(I thought Mr. Yang said we shouldn't interject... What should I say?)
(This divine object is a testament to Yukong's devotion to The Hunt... Qingni believes it's a sign that Yukong still misses the life of a fighter pilot...)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(Qingni remembers that Yukong has always avoided talking about her career as a fighter pilot, and that she wants to prevent Qingni from following the same path... Why?)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(Qingni's birth mother, Caiyi, was Yukong's lifelong friend. When Caiyi passed away in that devastating war, Yukong adopted her daughter. Perhaps this unbearable memory is the root of Yukong's concerns...)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(It's clear that Yukong suffered greatly after that terrible war. Is that why she doesn't want Qingni to be a fighter pilot?)
(...Still, it doesn't seem like something to bring up now.)
(I should open it with Bailu.)
(Hiding out at the Divination Commission... that's a bold decision.)
(She should be around here somewhere...)
That's Blade. Kafka says he's Mara-struck.
(Huh? What do I... think about Kafka?)
(How should I answer? If I tell the truth, I have to lie the next time, and vice versa. Or I could just cheat... Is that really an option?)
(Better to tell it like it is...)
(If I tell a lie this time, I'll have to tell the truth next time...)
(So I get two questions, only one of which Kafka will answer truthfully... but I won't know which answer is which...)
(What should I ask?)
(When I came to on the space station, I remember seeing Kafka... but everything before that is a blur. Shouldn't I ask about my past?)
(What kind of question is that? ...Will we see each other again? She'd know the answer to that one...)
(As for whether I'd want to, it seems obvious to me...)
(...I guess I do want to see her again.)
(So, my answer is...)
(...No, I don't want to deal with this lady again.)
(So, my answer is...)
(I don't know if Kafka was telling the truth in the previous question, but one thing's certain: For this question, she'll have to answer according to the rules.)
(Should I venture into a whole new topic?)
(When I came to on the space station, I remember seeing Kafka... but everything before that is a blur. Shouldn't I ask about my past?)
Is this... a letter?
(Upend the ancient sea and return to old ground... It's a letter for Dan Heng, but who is it from? I should ask the conductor...)
(Unlikely. If the general sent the letter, he would've signed it.)
(I highly doubt Dan Heng's enemy would send an invitation letter...)
(Green Hibiscus agreed to meet me here, but there's no sight of him. What gives?)
(There's a letter here... What's this on the envelope? "Gray Peony..." This must be from Green Hibiscus.)
(The Disciples sure know how to keep a low profile... Looks like I'll need to help them complete this mission.)
(If they're looking to intercept a letter, then I should probably search around the Exalting Sanctum's Cycrane Stand.)
(It doesn't seem to be on this Cycrane Stand. Let's check out another one.)
(What's written on this package? "Seat of Divine Foresight, Urgent..." This is it — the mail the Disciples want to intercept.)
(Hmm, seems like it's encrypted somehow... Makes sense, this is critical intelligence after all... Let's see if I can crack the code.)
(Code cracked... Huh, it's an internal order from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(Judging from these "Urgent Instructions," the Disciples are aware of a Seat of Divine Foresight operation to infiltrate their ranks... No wonder Green Hibiscus was so eager to intercept this.)
(I'll use my phone to make a copy and then hand it over to Green Hibiscus.)
(It's an internal order from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(Judging from these "Urgent Instructions," the Disciples are aware of a Seat of Divine Foresight operation to infiltrate their ranks... No wonder Green Hibiscus was so eager to intercept this.)
(I'll use my phone to make a copy and then hand it over to Green Hibiscus.)
(So Mauve Moon was the agent that Qingzu lost contact with... he joined the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.)
(I should go to the Seat of Divine Foresight and tell Qingzu... I don't know if this mission was a success or a failure.)
If what she said is true, we won't have to explain anything...
(Looks like Dan Shu found something conclusive — let's go and talk to her.)
(Why does she wander about alone...?)
(*sigh* Well, I've delivered the medicine. I should report back to Dan Shu.)
(Dan Shu needs more time to prepare my gift. There's nothing pressing right now, why not head over to Spare Time Book Shop for a while?)
(Hmm... Tastes a bit strange, but no adverse reactions so far...)
(Wait a minute... Argh, my head... What's happening?)
(S—Something's wrong — I'm burning up... Feels like I can't breathe...)
(Whew... Seems to be calming down a little, but still uncomfortable...)
(This doesn't seem right, I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(It's not that I don't trust Dan Shu... but this doesn't seem like something I should take lightly.)
(Something feels off — I'd better talk to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(Argh... There goes my head again... Is Dan Shu sure this Brumedew is safe for consumption?)
(What's happening? Isn't this the Seat of Divine Foresight? Why are there so many mara-struck here...)
(No... I can't let them... get near me...)
(Dan Shu isn't here... Where could she be?)
(I've got it. Dan Shu's medicine box has her scent on it — I'll ask the Diting that Qingzu lent me to track her.)
(That's... Dan Shu... with a group of Disciples... I guess that tells me all I need to know...)
(*sigh* ...I'd better report my findings to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(*sigh* ...I'd better report my findings to Qingzu at the Seat of Divine Foresight.)
(Is this the one Dan Shu sent me to find? Does she come here to treat other sightless people?)
Time to come out, little Diting. I need you to help me find Dan Shu.
(Wasn't I... just here a moment ago?)
(What is going on? I looped back again?)
(It seems like the paths here are being twisted by some sort of illusion...)
These are no ordinary ingenia.
(Isn't this... where I started?)
(I need to look closely around this place again... Maybe I can break out of the cycle.)
(There's a book of ghost stories here, just like before. Could it have anything to do with this puzzle?)
Guinaifen? Where are you? Huohuo, stay close...
Huohuo? Oh no. Where did she go...?
Is this... a mirror? It looks a little creepy...
(...Where am I?)
(Is this... Fyxestroll Garden? But it looks different somehow...)
(... I should keep moving.)
Give it up. Guinaifen was probably eaten by the heliobi already.
There's no point in following me. I'm leaving, and you're not coming with me. Goodbye!
The Ten-Lords Commission needs to overhaul their hiring criteria. How did someone as useless as you ever become a judge?
Haha... Hahahaha! Oh, this is funny! This is just too funny! I thought you'd already escaped the Furnace's destiny of torture!?
Who would have thought that a piece of Ignamar the Great — the fragment with the most fight in it — would become a guard dog sealed inside a crybaby...
Oh! Forgive me! Did I say guard dog? No, no, no, that won't do... You're just a guard dog's "tail," right? Just a tail, a tail, a tail!
H—How t—t—terrifying, ahahaha...! The joke's on you!
You couldn't leave that judge's body if you tried! You can't eat her, let alone escape from her. Ahahaha, "Mr. Tail." You're pathetic~
(Didn't I see a similar mirror when I was dragged in?)
Furynox! Furynox...!
Before you duel the general, why don't you fight me?
That group of amateurs you've put together? Hah. They're nothing compared to me.
I have already obtained the most wonderful pawn for myself — a piece that once expelled Phantylia!
Then send the spiritfarers under your control to find me. If you can defeat this Nameless I'm possessing, then you can swallow me up and let my strength aid you in your fight against the general. What do you say?
(I wonder how Huohuo is doing... I should check up on her.)
(Seele and Oleg... I wonder what they're talking about?)
(I'll go ask them.)
Go, Luka!
Go, Svarog!
(Ask the conductor about what happened...)
(Looks like Mr. Yang really can't see it...)
(Seems like I'm the only one who can see it...)
(That should do it...)
(Hmm? The mirror is still here...)
(He has a strong intuition...)
(Seems like Topaz is on the phone...)
(Let's not disturb her...)
(Topaz is still on the phone...)
(Having a job at the IPC sure is a lot of work...)
(Bronya seems to be asleep...)
(I should see what the other customers have to say about the food here...)
Let's check and see if there's anything suspicious.
I didn't see any boxes, only the Golden Cloud Toad.
Why do you emphasize that this matter has nothing to do with you?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
I think this has a lot to do with you...
Does being a dock worker mean that person can't conspire with the IPC?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
Take a look at this.
Take a look at this.
Why couldn't the IPC operate the dock from the beginning?
The Merchant Guild has never refused to work with any shops in Aurum Alley.
The dock has improved shipping efficiency and transaction volume is increasing.
What makes you think we can't afford to pay the lease?
(Do we have any proof?)
We've already paid back the lease.
How did you know about the frequent accidents at the dock?
Is it possible that you paid off a dock worker to do your bidding?
(Do we have any proof?)
We have the testimony of A-Feng.
Take a look at this.
Since we share the same passion, where is it that we disagree?
Our proposal is different from the IPC's!
Do you have data to support your statements?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
There are actually more customers coming to the Alley!
You can't just rely on your age and experience...
Are you suggesting that the Alley is a shadow of its former self?
(I sense a hole in his logic...)
You've been looking at the past through rose-tinted glasses.
What makes you think we didn't draw any wisdom from history?
Take a look at this.
And if we're not?
We did much more than simply utilize the dock!
How are interastral cargo ships supposed to dock? There isn't enough room.
How can you be sure that everyone's vision aligns with yours?
(Do we have any proof?)
The shops think otherwise!
Say what you want, but we care.
(Do we have any proof?)
When people think of Aurum Alley, they think about its food. The two notions can't be separated.
You are sacrificing its identity in exchange for a fancy brand.
Take a look at this.
Take a look at this.
(Better gather more roaming data and strengthen my team...)
(It seems we won't be able to proceed until all the nearby lamps are illuminated...)
(Looks like we need to find the encryption key for the elevator first...)
(The next contest is about to begin...)
(Do I take some time to prepare, or chat with everyone to ease my nerves a bit...?)
(Seems like the two kids haven't even noticed me.)
(This is a big deal... I'd better think carefully.)
(The grand final is about to begin...)
(Do I take some time to prepare, or chat with everyone to ease my nerves a bit...?)
Although the Bloodhounds mistook me for a stowaway, I'm actually a local. My name is Firefly, and I'm from the Iris Family. I work as a stage performer, although right now I'm just an extra...
When there are no acting gigs, I work as a guide near Glaux Avenue. If you don't mind, I can show you all the exciting things around here! Maybe if I do my job as a guide, people will stop suspecting me...
Glad to hear that. After all, you just did me a huge favor!
I'm not booked for any performances, and most visitors to Penacony don't need tour guides anyway... They're all big shots who have their own entourage with them.
Thanks. Let's go!
No, it's not like that! Penacony is where people realize their dreams. There's always a festive atmosphere here! It's just that things can get a little crazy with the Charmony Festival drawing near...
Glad to hear that. After all, you just did me a huge favor!
Me? No, I'm not one of them — not yet. I merely work for them...
...We can talk about that another time! Right now, I wanna give you a tour of the town... Here we go!
The first stop most people head to as soon as they arrive in the Dreamscape is the Oti Mall! The Dreamscape Sales Store here is super famous.
There are also stores that sell luxury goods, apparel, trendy toys, and even cars... As long as you have enough Alfalfa coins, you can buy anything you fancy.
Items purchased in the Dreamscape can also be brought into reality through an extra service. Unfortunately, the transfer of automobiles to the real world is not available at the moment... You can come back for them next time.
Just outside the mall is the plaza. Follow me! I'll buy you a nice meal!
Over here!
We're here. Hey, have you ever heard of this saying that goes, "In a dream, hunger is the most precious spice?"
Well, you can find all kinds of local delicacies here — Clockie Pizza, Oak Cake Rolls, Alfalfa Salad, and the classic SoulGlad! Feel free to pick anything you like! Today it's my treat!
Hee-hee, you're welcome.
No worries. You can buy me a meal next time!
Th—That shouldn't be a problem. I have some savings left...
Are you done ordering? Then I'll pay up.
I love their Oak Cake Rolls! I get one from here every day!
Well, that's why I only have one per day...
I—I won't put on any weight since this is all a dream...
Let's walk while we eat. It's time to head to the next stop!
Um, this is...
...Are you done ordering? You... you have great taste! Haha... I... I'll get the bill...
Hmm...
Now... let's go this way...
This is the luxury store I told about you earlier.
If we keep going, we'll reach Glaux Avenue, which is the road to Golden Hour.
Over here! Follow me.
Please come this way. Let me show you something interesting.
Look! That's the statue of Clockie, Penacony's famous cartoon character!
It's the oldest and most famous animation from Penacony. It follows the adventurous life of Clockie and his friends in the town of Dreamville. To date, over 10,000 episodes have aired!
I know, right? Isn't he adorable?
Um... I guess it's because the animation has a retro style.
Ominous? Clockie is a household name here. There would never be anything ominous about him... right?
By the way, do you know that Clockie's design is said to be inspired by none other than the legendary Watchmaker?
I can't believe you haven't heard of him. He was a legendary tycoon in the history of Penacony — the founder of the Dreamscape, the man who turned dreams into reality!
There are different stories out there about the Watchmaker's origin. Some said he was a traveling merchant from beyond the sky, some claimed that he was exiled to Penacony as a prisoner... Some speculate that he wasn't even a real person, just a symbol...
The true story is anyone's guess, but everyone aspires to emulate his success and be the next Watchmaker!
As his inspiring story became known across the cosmos, those with a dream flocked to Penacony in droves. They held feast after feast, eventually building the Planet of Festivities we have today. Everyone in Penacony knows this name.
The cartoon character Clockie is portrayed as reckless and full of hot air, but I believe the real Watchmaker was a Nameless! After all, creating the Dreamscape sounds like just the kind of thing a Trailblazer would do.
...Hold on... If the Watchmaker really was a Nameless, wouldn't that make him your predecessor? Would you like to take a picture with him?
My pleasure! Here, give me your phone.
I see... Let's go somewhere else then.
Of course not! What were you thinking?
Eh, what's that? It looks like there's something on Clockie's face.
You want a photo with him? Sure! Please give me your phone. I'll take it for you!
It's done! It came out great — you're very photogenic.
Is there something wrong with Clockie's statue? Why did you suddenly jump just now?
A bird with sharp edges and points... Umm, I don't think I saw it.
Eyelashes? Clockie doesn't have those...
Really? You jumped just now — it was really sudden, too.
Well... If you're okay, let's move on to the next stop, which is just a stone's throw away from here. Please follow me...
Can you see that building in the distance? That's the famous Grand Theater, another great landmark of Penacony!
Has a pretty unique shape, doesn't he? In the real world, it was originally the central prison of Asdana. The Family renovated it in the Dreamscape and transformed it into the glorious Penacony Grand Theater.
Since the moment it was built, the Grand Theater has graced the entire Dreamscape with its rendition of the Odes of Harmony.
During the once-in-an-era Charmony Festival, Family members will gather at the theater to welcome the {RUBY_B#Embodiment of Harmony}Harmonious Choir{RUBY_E#} that blesses Penacony with everlasting peace.
And here we are! The best viewing spot in all of Golden Hour! Look, there's even a telescope here! When the Charmony Festival arrives, remember to be here early if you wanna get a seat.
Next, I'll bring you somewhere you can really have fun.
That place up ahead is Aideen Park — everything here is themed around SoulGlad. It's a little crowded, so make sure you stay close to me.
This is the largest park in Golden Hour — it represents the soda culture of Penacony. That gigantic soda bottle houses the headquarters of the SoulGlad Enterprise!
SoulGlad is said to have originated from a sweet medicinal syrup popular during the Prison Era. Invented by a man named Sousa, it was thus called the Sousa Juice. Aideen, an interstellar traveling merchant, saw the potential in the beverage and purchased the formula.
Aideen then carbonated the beverage and renamed it "SoulGlad." He also pioneered the school of thought known as "Syrupism," in which he promoted the consumption of SoulGlad as a new kind of lifestyle. And just like that, he created a commercial miracle.
Did you know? One of the ingredients in the original recipe for Sousa Juice, known as Dreamleaf, has gone extinct. That means the only place you can get a taste of Epochal SoulGlad is in Penacony's Dreamscape.
This is also the only place where one can fully experience the core values of Syrupism...
...Time waits for no one! Let me show you around!
See these musical instruments playing themselves with no human performers? That's the Sweet Dreams Troupe.
In Penacony, many objects and facilities have gained self-awareness due to the influence of the memoria. After being tamed by The Family, some of them formed the Sweet Dreams Troupe to provide entertainment for guests.
Be careful, though — sometimes these animated objects can be affected by dangerous emotions or memories and transform into the destructive Dreamjolt Troupe... If you ever run into them, go ask the security guards nearby for help.
Hey, there's a ride attendant over there!
Let me get some Aideen Tokens for you. With those, you'll be able to try any of the attractions here that you fancy.
How many tokens are there?
Let's do it!
Not at all! You're going to lose — I mean — spend all of them in no time once you start playing! Just try it and you'll see!
Let me see which one we should try first...
Since this is your first time here, I say we start with the easiest games. The Dreamy Slots and Lucky Wheel are pretty straightforward.
You keep playing. I'll go and get some drinks.
What do you say? Ready to call it a day?
I'm a bit tired too. Let's sit down at the snack bar for a while.
Penacony's Golden Hour is pretty amazing, isn't it?
I know, right? It's a dream that's loving and forgiving to everyone, just like The Family.
I'm not sad. It's just that... this dream is so loving and forgiving.
I'm not surprised to hear that from a Nameless. If you ask me, I'd say it was the unity of The Family that brought this dream into existence — and the dream has become just as loving and forgiving as The Family.
It's vast and deep like an ocean. Even the humblest people can find solace here.
...I really appreciate your help earlier today — that's why I took the chance to introduce this beautiful place to you. It was willing to accept me, even though I didn't belong here. I've grown very fond of this place, and that makes me want to... share it with others.
I am... At least for now...
You're right... But when people have nothing to rely on, they always seek out things to find comfort in.
I... I'm a lawful resident... at least now I am...
...Did you travel here alone?
Oh, I see...
I see...
I'm not sure whether you have realized it or not, but I took you through a very long, scenic route and visited all kinds of places just now because...
...someone's been following you.
Don't turn around. I'm certain that you're his target. He's been on our tail since we parted ways with Mr. Gallagher.
I wondered whether he was a friend of yours, but my instinct told me he wasn't.
He's about 5 feet 11 inches tall, give or take. Judging from his strong build, it's clear that he's well-trained. He walks in long strides, but his steps are light and barely audible. That way of walking doesn't leave footprints...
...He looks like a skilled fighter, the covert kind. He has large palms, yet his fingers are slender and nimble. I reckon he has experience using knives, like a short sword or dagger...
Do you know anybody like that? A maroon jacket, emerald eyes, dark blue hair...
Ah... He's coming our way!
Um... this gentleman is?
...My name is Firefly. I'm a stage performer from the Iris Family.
Mr. Sampo, what's the purpose of your visit to Penacony?
...Entertainment for grownups?
Wow! You won something on your first attempt! Impressive!
Holy moly, it's the grand prize... Today must be your lucky day!
Seems like we can't go in.
Why was this TV... dumped on the side of the road?
Well... I might be totally off base here, but I think there's something fishy with this TV.
But it's fine if you want to give it a shot... I trust your judgment.
Well... I do think there's something fishy with this TV.
Wait, what...
Why did you turn into this... thing!?
You look so... cool.
Well... Mr. Sampo...
Is this... the lower level of the Commercial District?
Is that... a TV?
This road... Are we heading back to the Oti Mall?
I'm glad to hear that!
I see... Anyway, I'm glad you're safe!
Um... What's going on?
A dream I wished I could have continued after waking up...
...
...I'm sorry.
...Thank you.
...Sure.
...Yes.
There are things... I'm hiding from you...
I'm not a local, and there's a reason why the Bloodhound Family is after me... I also have my own purpose for joining you on your journey...
...But still, I appreciate your help. I mean it from the bottom of my heart.
And my admiration for the Nameless is also genuine. You guys have been to a lot of worlds, met people from all walks of life, and experienced all sorts of things. Every day is a new beginning for you guys...
...
Can I bring you to one more place? It isn't another tourist attraction — it's my very own secret base.
I'll do my best to tell you everything I know when we get there.
Thanks...
I... don't know, but I hope you do.
...Sure.
...Is there a problem?
Eh? Who's Misha?
Eh? Do you know her?
What do you mean by "all"?
Garden of Recollection... Is it the group that serves the Aeon of Remembrance?
N—No! We're not on a date!
A clock that talks?
...Clockie?
Do you mean... you saw a cartoon character that doesn't exist in real life?
Um... Where's he? I can't see him...
Um, but I think you look older than me in terms of appearance...
...Just how so!?
Huh...
Uh... Is it really that bad...
Are you going to help this... um, Clockie that only you can see?
I don't think you're lying, as anything can happen in a dream... We can just head to the place I mentioned later...
Are you talking to Clockie? ...Hmm, I'm really curious too...
Are you talking to Clockie? ..Well, it does look like things are getting out of control...
I'm afraid a baseball bat isn't an efficient weapon... No! What I mean is, we can't solve the problem with violence...
Is this lady... your friend too?
B—Beautiful lady...
I was wondering about that too... What happened back there, exactly?
Could it have something to do with... That Clockie that only you can see?
Could it have something to do with... That Clockie that only you can see?
Yes, that cartoon character. I think he's shown up in reality — I mean — in the Dreamscape.
...She's gone. Well, shall we?
Here we are. This is the place.
No, it isn't...
...This is.
Yes, it's right inside.
Just the literal meaning.
It doesn't matter! Anything can happen in a dream, and there are lots of people falling from the sky every day. The pedestrians aren't going to be fazed by anything.
Let me show you how to do it. It's going to be very dark at first, so you'll have to stay close to me.
Have you heard of the song? It's called If I Can Stop One Heart From Breaking, by Robin. Her songs are played in the dreamland from time to time as the Charmony Festival is drawing close.
This spot is the closest place to the sky in the Dreamscape. It's far from the hustle and bustle of the city and free from the bickering among the Dreamweavers. You can feel the moment — the scenery, the people, and the dreams — without being disturbed by anyone...
How beautiful... Time is frozen at this golden hour, this golden dream shared by the Fool from the Tavern and the Memokeeper from the Garden of Recollection, the wandering Ranger and the IPC ambassador, the Astral Express Nameless... and me.
Everyone falls asleep here equally, regardless of our different agendas...
...
I knew I couldn't hide it from you.
I think it's only right to tell you.
My hometown was destroyed a long time ago. It was probably the doing of the Legion or the Swarm... I'm an interstellar refugee, just like many of the Penacony locals.
The Harmony accepts everyone, including wanderers from afar. The Family takes them in, but they... don't belong here.
In this splendid metropolis, some have a dream called Penacony, but some have dreams... that are no different from reality, even though everyone who comes here harbors the same motive in the beginning.
And it's likewise for me. I have a wish I want to achieve so badly in the real world, but I can't. So, I want to give it a shot here...
Entropy Loss Syndrome. Have you heard of this term?
It's a strange condition. Those suffering from it will experience an irreversible chronic dissociation of their physical structure. This means they will slowly fade away, and the process is barely noticeable to others...
You can still run, jump, and talk as usual. Everything seems normal, but then you'll start doing everything slightly slower than others...
...And then even slower than that, until the lines between your body and the entire world become blurry. You won't be able to tell reality from dreams because they have all been shattered.
So, how could I possibly resist it... I mean can you imagine? I can actually free myself from this icy medical cabin in this dream...
I can forget about all the doctor's advice. I can listen, and see, and touch, and think, and understand whatever I want with my body. So, although this world isn't real, this experience is priceless...
...Just like this moment.
I'm sorry. For certain reasons, there are things I can't reveal to you yet. But there are also things you should know.
I am, in fact, after the Watchmaker's Legacy, but that doesn't mean we have to go our separate ways and be enemies. But at least... I hope things won't turn out that way.
...Thanks.
...It's okay. Thanks.
...I understand, and I'm okay with that.
I'll tell you, but... not now.
In my dream, I saw a scorched earth, and a new sapling emerging from it. It bloomed against the morning sun, and whispered to me.
I still remember the question on the invitation letter — Why does life slumber?
You see, everything is possible in this land of dreams. The nightmarish past will disperse and fade away like bubbles in water, and the future that you don't want to face will never come.
Why do people choose to sleep? I think...
It is because they're afraid to wake up from the dream.
Say cheeeese!
Here...
We're almost there.
Look! This place is breathtaking, isn't it?
Guests aren't allowed here, so we have to be careful not to get caught.
Don't worry, this place isn't dangerous. Just think of this as the border of Golden Hour. The Family is still building and remodeling the Dreamscape beyond here.
My secret stronghold is in this area.
Drat... We're caught right away.
Let me try.
Could you... please make an exception? We're not going to cause any trouble.
He won't budge...
Hmm, seems like he won't give in... Let me think of another way...
He really is a man of principle.
I feel really bad...
Seems like he's taking this winning and losing thing a little too seriously... Well, at least we finally get to go through...
It radiates dazzling light perpetually, just like this glamorous dream.
I suppose everyone who likes to bask in the light will be drawn to that kind of warmth...
...Like countless fireflies chasing the fire.
Let's go. Half the journey is still ahead of us.
His thinking is very spontaneous... Is this typical of artists?
He wandered off, but he left behind the puzzle piece.
Um, this area wasn't guarded the last time I was here... Have my frequent comings and goings started drawing attention?
...I don't think we can get around them. Knocking them out is the only way to go...
Let's get rid of them!
I'm sorry things are getting all bleak and serious... Let me see what I can do to lighten the mood.
I mean, don't you have lots of friends on the Astral Express? What would you guys do if something like this happened?
Spray can? That's... rough.
Perhaps, there's something else we can do?
Jokes? Um, I... don't really have a good sense of humor...
Perhaps, we can think of another way?
Coffee... We can't really make that here...
Aren't there... other Crew members we can take inspiration from?
I... have been trying to do that...
...But I think I failed. Maybe... there are other things that you guys do?
Selfie, selfie... You're right. I've been here so many times. Why didn't I think of taking a photo?
I feel a little awkward taking it by myself. Would you like to join me? Let's commemorate this moment.
I can be a little bit camera-shy — just don't laugh at me. Here, you hold the camera.
...Is there a problem?
I can be a little bit camera-shy — just don't laugh at me. Here, you hold the camera.
Well... Okay.
Wait, let me get ready.
I'm good. Let's do this.
One...
Two...
Do you have to go back already? Time really flies.
I feel like going back to reality and resting too... Come on, let's say goodbye at Golden Hour.
Let's sneak inside.
Never imagined that's how we'd end up getting past the guard... That trick of Clockie's really is amazing.
The path ends here. For the rest of the way, we need to borrow the Dreamweaver's tools.
What happens next is going to blow your mind...
Now, we can go to the other side. This is how the Nightingale Family repairs the Dreamscape. Fascinating, isn't it?
We can use the building materials that are floating around in the air.
It's like stepping on planks floating on water.
Let's go that way.
The Family recruited many artists, architects, and scholars from across the universe to form the team of Dreamweavers that built the dream of Penacony.
These areas are not developed yet, so guests don't come here. It's not as lively as the town center here, but I relish the serene atmosphere.
We can get to the rooftop of the opposite building from here, but it requires a device. I remember it's hidden here...
Bam, and it comes out just like that. No matter how many times I've seen it, it still looks magical.
Let's go.
Look, that's the Penacony Grand Theater over there.
This one is a little bit complicated... I have to put on my thinking cap.
I wonder whether I can still control the floating building materials in this condition...
We moved from that building to this building in the blink of an eye... This would be impossible in reality.
It's the same routine. You've mastered it, right?
Was the other puzzle piece... taken away by it?
This moment has finally come... I always get stuck here for a long time, but it also means I'm getting to the endpoint.
This place is really complicated. It gives me a headache every time I pass through... Not only do we have to activate the Dream's Eye, but we also have to close it a couple of times to get through.
Phew... finally. There won't be too many hindrances after this.
Here we are. This is the place.
Let's go this way...
There's a crowd over there. Looks like something really did happen...
Please come with me. I hope you won't be distracted by some invisible friend again...
Sorry, I'm afraid we need to take the pinball machine to reach this place... You go first, and I'll be right behind you.
...Careful. I'm more than certain now that there's something not right about this friend of yours.
You talk too much.
I... don't know.
In any case, we must still be in a dream. It can't be anywhere else, much less reality... I'm never wrong about the distinctive sense of memoria that's in the air.
But this is very different from the "sweet dream" that I'm familiar with — suffocating... silent... uneasy... And these floating words. Can you see them too? This kind of place would never exist on Penacony under the provision of The Family. So, could this be a dream bubble...?
No, that's not right. Do you remember, before we were unconscious, that friend of yours said: The real {RUBY_B#Penacony}Dreamscape{RUBY_E#}...
I'm not sure. Everything happened so quickly. But regardless, The Family must be hiding something — something about the truth of the Dreamscape...
I'm not sure. Everything happened so quickly. But regardless, The Family must be hiding something — something about the truth of the Dreamscape...
I should've been wary of him sooner... Sorry. Regardless, The Family must be hiding something — something about the truth behind the Dreamscape...
And, you probably noticed it when you woke up as well — the ticking of clocks all around us... My gut tells me that the secret hidden here is also linked to that mysterious Watchmaker.
If it points us towards the Watchmaker's Legacy, it will be connected to everyone who is melded to Penacony's dream...
We can't get through here. Let's take the way around from the side.
Dead-end here too... Given the layout of the room, are they really suggesting we maneuver around using the walls?
Can't believe that worked. Tampering with the Dreamscape's gravity is clearly strictly forbidden...
...Careful, there are some strange things on the wall... And they don't look like they're from the Dreamjolt Troupe...
Mikhail...?
This is too... overwhelming...
The exit... is on the other side? How're we going to cross over...
...
That was a close one... but we made it.
So strange... The Family insist that the Dreamscape is absolutely safe.
There's nothing but... a jigsaw puzzle here.
The pieces look like they flew to both sides of the room.
This should fill in the empty spaces in the puzzle.
Ah! The wall has vanished... Feels like we're reaching the end... right?
...The exact same room?
This again... No wait, could it be...
...We're the ones who're stuck here! We keep going in circles...
Uh oh... Which one was the original door?
So loud... the voice... It's becoming more shrill...
The TVs are so bright, it's hurting my eyes... Careful, something's up...
Incredible... This is really a sight that can only be witnessed in a dream...
These words have been appearing and then vanishing persistently for awhile now. Whose thoughts are they? And who is this Mikhail...
It's like I can feel... emotions contained within them. Confusion... fear... sadness... and others so faint I can barely feel them...
Unyielding resolve in the face of death...
Er... Just one chest? I'm sure that's not a trap. Should we open it...?
...What's going on!? The lights have all turned on. So creepy...
But, since there are so many doors here... we should be able to leave through one of them...
Wh—What is this monster...
This Monster—— all these creatures——are they the secret The Family is hiding?
Ugh, is there no way to lose it...!?
And you are...?
(Ugh... Where's this?)
(What...)
(...What's happening!?)
(I think that's what she means...)
(I think she's trying to say that you're the only one who can unite these, uhm, trashcans and lead their battle against the evil king... or something like that.)
In my dream, I saw a scorched earth, and a new sapling emerging from it. It bloomed against the morning sun, and whispered to me.
Why do people choose to sleep? I think...
...It is because they're afraid to awaken from the dream.
If I could try again...
Calm down, Firefly... Stay calm...
Let's get going...
If I'm not wrong... it has to do with the Watchmaker.
The door... It won't open... It's a dead end...
Why did you...!? This isn't what we agreed on...
Mecha...!? Why...
The door... It won't open...
There's actually a path here...
It's an exit... Following this path should lead me out of this place...
Finally back at the lobby. If that's the case...
I never knew you could do this.
...Do you have a driver's license?
That is... surprising.
Mhmm, no... it's nothing.
I'm just thinking, you haven't slept in twenty system hours... Are you sure you're okay?
...
I'm not so sure about that. Slow down a bit.
There's still some time before the next part of the script unfolds. Let me stay a little longer in this body.
Such a long tunnel. Didn't feel this long when I set off.
Is that also part of the script?
Sorry, I didn't notice.
...
What about you, then? Is this the moment you finally find the "Death" you've been looking for?
Because I'm currently in a car with a sleep-deprived driver... I just want to get there in one piece.
Hey, don't take everything so seriously.
...Elio would always say there's only one type of destiny: the inescapable type. He can see the future, and we... likewise are aware of our "predetermined end".
But before that moment arrives, we can still choose what we do... We all have this right, don't we?
Land of the Dreams, Penacony.
We're back to where it all began. You entered the Golden Hour from this place, and it is also from here where you will enter the true {RUBY_B#Land of the Exiles}Penacony{RUBY_E#}.
It's a pleasure to journey alongside you once more. It's time I laid bare the entire truth before you. As you might have heard... I also go by another name: Stellaron Hunter, Sam.
I'm fine... Sorry, I hope I haven't scared you.
I'm sorry. I had no other choice...
I know you have many questions... Do you remember when we encountered "Death" in that strange Dreamscape? When I was caught by that meme...
In that instant before it killed me, I saw the reflection of another Dreamscape in those ghastly pupils.
So, following the clues in the script, I came up with some theories about the meme. That's why I instructed Silver Wolf to issue invitations, drawing everyone to the dream's hotel...
I intended to call upon "Death" before you arrived, to solve the riddle using more direct means, and then invite you to join. However, contrary to my wishes, I couldn't defy the script, and I didn't get a chance to explain it to you.
It is how you see now — I was impaled by the bladed wings of "Death." The heavy pressure of concentrated memoria miasma... exploded in my mind, as if it was actual reality.
But after the momentary numbness subsided, I found that my body was absolutely unscathed.
I was still alive, and it was just as I thought — I had arrived at a place starkly different from this beautiful dream. Beneath the Dreamscape of Penacony lies another more chaotic, more primal Memory Zone. Its name... Land of the Exiles.
And so then I returned to the hotel in the Dreamscape, hoping to tell you of its existence. Yet I could not reveal my own identity, so I could only divert your party's attention and lure you away from the battlefield.
And after, all my attempts proved futile. It wasn't until not long ago, when a crimson blade of light shattered the high wall of the dream, causing you all to fall far into the abyssal depths of the Dreamscape, that I was able to awaken you and your companions one by one...
And that's it, that is all that's happened so far.
I know it's tough to believe all this without reservations. I just want to say you're very close to the final answer — just one more thing needs to be done, and then I can prove it to you...
Now, let's leave this place... Please close your eyes.
Take a deep breath, and visualize the Dreamscape's outline in your heart. And remember... you must not open your eyes at all times.
Three...
Two...
One...
Don't be afraid. The one who has come to greet us... has arrived.
"Close your eyes"... This is the answer. Isn't it incredible? The monster that we've always known as "Death," is actually the guardian of the land of the exiles. It abides by a certain rule, abducting people from their dreams and bringing them here.
The atmosphere here is starkly different from the beautiful dream. There are no regulators here like The Family, and they all look like they're mildly dazed.
But from the whispers of the residents, I've heard a familiar name... Gallagher.
I'm really sorry for waiting until now to tell you everything.
Two reasons: Firstly, the script — in the future that Elio saw, Sam and the Astral Express' confrontation was inevitable. I tried to break the shackles of the prophecy, but this is as far as I could go.
That aside... there were also my personal motives. I wished to travel with you as Firefly... and not Sam.
...Thank you.
I... get it. Being cautious around a Stellaron Hunter isn't a bad thing.
Elio only gave me one instruction: allow the Astral Express to pursue the Grand Legacy. It means that the Watchmaker's Legacy holds great significance to Trailblazing, and to you.
Elio's scripts used to revolve and expand around certain specific Stellarons. But with your appearance, this condition has apparently ceased to be appropriate. Perhaps, he also saw the "impossible" in the future.
Do you still remember the medical cabin I told you about? Well, that's Sam — It belongs to the Iron Cavalry of Glamoth's Firmament Frontline, a Firefly Type-IV {RUBY_B#Strategic Assault Mech, S.A.M.}tactical heavy assault mech{RUBY_E#}.
It is the cradle of my vitality, and the meaning of my birth. And for the longest time, it was... how I should have looked to the rest of the world.
The timescale of Dreamflux Reef differs from reality, so we mustn't lower our guard. You're sensitive to memoria — A slight misstep, and you could get lost in this Memory Zone.
When I first saw it, I was in awe too. The sky here, it's like... a reflection of the twelve Dreamscapes.
What's even more bizarre, is that this place is also separated into trade and residential areas. The layout may be simple, but the facilities are very comprehensive. It seems that there are quite a number of people living here.
Take a right turn at the end of this road and you'll reach the trade district. There are more people there, and perhaps someone knows where she is.
The Astral Express likely needs room for some internal deliberation. In the meantime, I'll try and locate Gallagher.
Keep going straight down this alley and it'll lead to an elevator. It'll take us to the center of the land of the exiles.
...
And the Crew too. There are too many people who you owe... an explanation.
I brought Gallagher here. It's time... to face the "truth."
As I suspected, the core of this issue lies within... the Stellaron.
Ahem... Don't you guys need to hide your identities?
Hello everyone, I'm Firefly. Mm... I am also an ordinary girl who enjoys adventures.
I hope that by the end of this journey... Everyone will have achieved the outcome that they hoped for.
All right. I don't have a problem with that.
That's right — as long as we pose a threat to the Stellaron, either with words or otherwise, we have a chance at gaining the upper hand.
But the problem is: on the eve of the Charmony Festival opening, how exactly are we going to get close to the theater? Family security will be airtight, and if we brute force it... Even if we succeed, it's too risky.
So how do we go about participating in these Festivity Auditions?
We've already come this far together. I'd like to join you for the rest of your journey on Penacony. I'm pleased that we can finally fight shoulder-to-shoulder — I couldn't ask for a better ending.
No... that's not right... You're trying to express disappointment. Why do you sound so chipper?
Uh... Do you usually express disappointment this way...?
"Th-this is great! I love living on the... w-wild side!"
That's not right... That line doesn't sound very "surprised".
We're already at the next scene! You need to convey surprise now, not disappointment...
"P-Perhaps we were never meant to succeed... Right?"
I hope these tests won't take too long...
You seriously think that would make someone laugh?
The test now is about body language... I don't think dialogue is allowed here.
You look less like you want to make me laugh, and more like you want to abandon me.
Ah... Wha... *laughs*
I'm gonna... get back on my feet, and keep moving forward.
That's totally giving up... Come back here!
Get up! No one wins a trade war by kowtowing...
Uh... I leave Penacony in utter disappointment... Is that okay?
Ugh... Is this ever going to end? I know, why don't you try that... clockwork thing you used before.
Why is our opponent... SoulGlad?
Isn't this just product placement...?
Isn't this fight way off from the actual storyline?
That red-haired contestant... Who is that exactly?
If it's a Gunfire trial... We should be able to settle it with a fight, right? I hope this won't waste too much of our time.
Are we... both in control of this Hanu character?
I know that this may sound like an exaggeration, but Penacony is actually in danger right now... We have to prevent it at all costs, sooner rather than later.
What exactly is he... talking about?
Clockie? I can also see him... Is this character part of the show?
So they just jumped inside that TV...
Sheesh... The logic in this plot and dialogue is really being pushed to its limits...
The trial of Time... I hope it won't waste too much of our time.
I know that this may sound like an exaggeration, but Penacony is actually in danger right now... We have to prevent it at all costs, sooner rather than later.
Clockie? I can also see him... Is this character part of the show?
Ah... I guess even Troupe members can experience existential crises...
We've passed the test, but we ought to hurry up... The Stellaron is at stake.
Looks like we won... Let's hurry up and get to the next stage.
Ready? One, two, three...
Let's stay alert and make sure those monsters don't spot us.
Look up there... If we can push that thing down, do you think that would do the trick?
Finally, that's all the jigsaw pieces... Let's hurry back.
Disconnecting from that thing so suddenly has left me feeling slightly disoriented.
Is that... Hanu?
Well, here we go again... Ready?
The storage room... It's behind the shelves, right?
He wasn't lying. There's actually a bazooka here.
Now... we should have a way of dealing with those baddies.
This thing feels just like the Soaring Locust II...
Careful, looks like we've got more company! Get ready to fire!
Here we go again... but no big deal, we're pretty handy with this bazooka now.
That should be all of them, right?
That statue... Did it just speak?
An inner self fragment belonging to the Sweet Dreams Troupe... This is just too surreal.
We've gathered all the missing parts... Let's hurry back, we don't want to keep Big Ticker waiting.
It's all done... Victory is in sight. Let's head to the final stage.
In that case... let's make our way to the end.
Penacony's really thronging with talent... I hope we make it in time.
Are you... a Knight of Beauty?
That's right. This magnificent dream is built upon the Stellaron and the countless sacrifices of many people.
If I'm not wrong, the Knights of Beauty also received an invitation from the Watchmaker, right?
Actually, we've already met the Watchmaker...
Thank you, Knight of Beauty! We don't have much time left... May we meet again.
We don't have much time... May fate allow us to meet again, Knight of Beauty.
...Just as expected.
Huh? We haven't even done anything...
Huh? But we haven't even done anything... Is her imagination running wild again?
Huh? But we haven't even done anything... Is his imagination running wild again?
Don't wander off, the judge is still watching us...
Pretty simple... I just hope these tests don't take too long.
That should do it... Okay, let's go. Mr. Yang is waiting for us.
It appears we can't climb the stairs in our current state...
Are such haphazard instructions really okay...
I am gradually getting used to this... who knows, I might even be able to perform some high-level moves with Hanu.
But... we still don't have any weapons in hand...
What a coincidentally convenient plot twist... It'd be even more awesome if the organizers allowed me to wear armor.
Well, that's that. But it is gonna be hard to let go of this bazooka...
...Uhm, nevermind. Let's hurry over to the next stage.
There's also a "Dream's Eye" left here by a Dreamweaver... We're running out of time, we'll have to use it if necessary.
I can't decipher his intentions right now... but based solely on the question, I would probably choose to build that dove a cage...
Even if I was gonna release it back into the sky, it'd have to be strong enough to fly first. If I left it where I found it... I fear it'd never get the chance to fly ever again.
This question... surely it has some connection to the baby bird story — and this connection is precisely the breakthrough Sunday aims to use to persuade us...
...I'd probably choose to ask the Bloodhounds to cease their pursuit.
Miss Robin's courage is admirable. And here I was, thinking she was just another superstar celebrity...
But the fact that she's also Mr. Sunday's younger sister... No, I doubt he'd wish harm on his own flesh and blood, no matter how grand the ambition.
So, what is your definition of living a happy life?
...
But... what is the price to attain all this?
Wakening... Which means that this so-called paradise is still a dream. Stepping into this paradise means forsaking reality, correct?
But in this supposed "bliss", people won't have defeated their demons. The chance to overcome their tribulations would be forever lost to them. In other words... it is an escape.
I... admit that you are a born leader. Your perspective on humanity brims with pessimism, yet you express equal compassion for all, even when your heart pities them.
But unlike you — I live for the "self". From my perspective, individuals making choices for themselves is their birthright.
The want to escape may be innate in the weak, but whether they are weak or not... It is not up to another to decide.
Perhaps in your mind, you also view me as "weak"?
Because I don't think so.
I'm afraid so.
However, the same applies to the Order. Their plan didn't materialize overnight, and they have the profound collective consciousness of the Planet of Festivities behind them...
A desire to dream, to slumber and escape reality... All those hidden emotions have given birth to the sweet dream of the Order.
They've harnessed the will of an entire planet to create an Aeon... This confrontation is far more complicated than a simple power struggle. To secure Penacony's future, fighting on the stage alone is not enough.
Mhmm.
Land of the Dreams, Penacony.
You mean... my three "deaths"?
While I want to live, I'm never afraid of death. The opposite of death is eternal life, and that's... something I'll never desire.
People die, and I am no exception. Death is like a script, a fate that cannot be defied. But that's exactly why...
We have to choose where we want to rest forever.
Are you not the same, Blade? The end you desire is not one dictated by others.
If I were to die now, I would only be a weapon. I believe... I should die as a human.
Though its definition escapes me, isn't this the answer that ordinary people look for their whole lives? A name that can be carved onto their tombstone.
The tombstone that belongs to me once bore the inscription "Glamoth's Iron Cavalry," then it changed to "Stellaron Hunter," but one day...
It will bear the name "Firefly" and the brilliance she showed at the end of her life.
...Before I left, Destiny's Slave told me that this journey would bring unforgettable rewards. Even though the script he gave me only had a few lines, I couldn't ignore them.
Because one of the lines said... I'll experience "death" three times in the land of the dreams.
The first time was a painful death when I was stabbed by the blade of "Dormancy", which led to all subsequent events. The script will always come true, but in a way... that will only be revealed when that page is turned.
So now, I've understood the meaning of my second "death", and I am prepared to face it. If all goes well, my efforts will provide crucial support for you.
Only by achieving victory in this battle can we secure a future for Penacony. And only then, my third and final death... won't come true in the most terrible form.
We must do everything we can to prevent that.
Yes, otherwise I wouldn't be here.
Yeah, farewell, everyone. May your Trailblazing expedition never end.
I still remember the question on the invitation letter — Why does life slumber?
Hey, {NICKNAME}! Y'know, with Sampo Koski by your side, you've got a businessman, chaperone, and problem-solving conversationalist, all rolled into one! Pretty sweet deal, huh?
So, what's the job this time around? If you've got the cash, I've got the... No cash? N—Not a problem! Haha, just say the word, pal...
Come on, get some rest already! What's the matter? I'm not going anywhere.
Me? I'm just an easygoing fella that looks out for the little guy — free of charge I might add — who somehow gets pulled into everyone else's business with nothing to show for it! Tsk, like I say, I'm an easygoing fella.
If you package it right, you can sell the same piece of intel to different people! That, my friend, is called "maximizing your profit."
I'm a firm believer in "small talk brings big clients."
I sell things that buyers want to buy — and they call me a con man! It's outrageous!
You'd think in a place as isolated as Belobog, people would be more willing to share what they have. Well, it's the exact opposite. And I'm more than happy to make up the shortfall.
Come on, how did you guys end up in the middle of the Snow Plains? UFO? Let me guess, you took a train, haha. Seriously though.
Back when I first arrived in the Underworld, I used to bring Natasha the medicines she needed. I did that for a while, and before long it was medicines and intel. You know how these things work.
If anyone out there ever managed to strike a deal with Svarog, they'd earn my heartfelt admiration!
Our little girl in red is truly impressive. How did she get that giant tinhead to listen to her?
If she had it her way, Miss Seele would spend less time yelling at me and more time actively trying to hit me. Can someone explain what I did to deserve her?
Ah, we see each other pretty often — usually it's me running away and him running after me. Gotta say, I'm gradually beginning to enjoy the attention, hehe.
We used to be good pals, but now... Let's just say her brother put in a bad word for me.
My only wish is to get acquainted with the supreme guardian-to-be. Any introduction will do — even a painful one!
Have you seen him compete? A lot of Underworlders made a lot of money off that kid! *sigh* Your pal Sampo here wasn't one of them...
Everyone has a colorful past, wouldn't you say...?
Double the pay, double the service!
That's it? *sigh* I was just getting started...
Smart decision! I won't disappoint you, friend.
Miss Natasha! I thought I owed you a favor...
Hook...? *sigh* Looks like we're playing hard ball.
Don't worry, Miss Seele! I'll watch your back!
Ha! Always an honor to have the Trailblazer by my side!
We're just having fun.
Good! The stronger the better.
Sampo Koski always takes care of his friends.
Can we bring out the big guns already?
Try this on for size?
Ooh, ouch...
Hey! W—Watch the face!
What are you waiting for?
The customer is king, and for me to betray the king, well... You gotta make it worth my while.
This price was too steep...
One good turn deserves another!
I owe you one~
Heehee~
How're you gonna win if you don't take any risks?
No cash?
Whoa. That's good stuff! Let me take a look.
Hey now! Pretty good.
I dunno — this one looks kinda tough...
Wherever there is business, there is Sampo.
Sounds like more business knocking.
You like it? It's yours for the taking!
Solving people's problems is my specialty⁓!
Hey, {NICKNAME}! Y'know, with Sampo Koski by your side, you've got a businessman, chaperone, and problem-solving conversationalist, all rolled into one! Pretty sweet deal, huh?
So, what's the job this time around? If you've got the cash, I've got the... No cash? N—Not a problem! Haha, just say the word, pal...
Come on, get some rest already! What's the matter? I'm not going anywhere.
Me? I'm just an easygoing fella that looks out for the little guy — free of charge I might add — who somehow gets pulled into everyone else's business with nothing to show for it! Tsk, like I say, I'm an easygoing fella.
If you package it right, you can sell the same piece of intel to different people! That, my friend, is called "maximizing your profit."
I'm a firm believer in "small talk brings big clients."
I sell things that buyers want to buy — and they call me a con man! It's outrageous!
You'd think in a place as isolated as Belobog, people would be more willing to share what they have. Well, it's the exact opposite. And I'm more than happy to make up the shortfall.
Come on, how did you guys end up in the middle of the Snow Plains? UFO? Let me guess, you took a train, haha. Seriously though.
Back when I first arrived in the Underworld, I used to bring Natasha the medicines she needed. I did that for a while, and before long it was medicines and intel. You know how these things work.
If anyone out there ever managed to strike a deal with Svarog, they'd earn my heartfelt admiration!
Our little girl in red is truly impressive. How did she get that giant tinhead to listen to her?
If she had it her way, Miss Seele would spend less time yelling at me and more time actively trying to hit me. Can someone explain what I did to deserve her?
Ah, we see each other pretty often — usually it's me running away and him running after me. Gotta say, I'm gradually beginning to enjoy the attention, hehe.
We used to be good pals, but now... Let's just say her brother put in a bad word for me.
My only wish is to get acquainted with the supreme guardian-to-be. Any introduction will do — even a painful one!
Have you seen him compete? A lot of Underworlders made a lot of money off that kid! *sigh* Your pal Sampo here wasn't one of them...
Think you've got her all figured out, do you? That's exactly what she wants you to think! Trust me, she's so cunning she could even outwit herself!
Everyone has a colorful past, wouldn't you say...?
Double the pay, double the service!
That's it? *sigh* I was just getting started...
Smart decision! I won't disappoint you, friend.
Miss Natasha! I thought I owed you a favor...
Hook...? *sigh* Looks like we're playing hard ball.
Don't worry, Miss Seele! I'll watch your back!
Ha! Always an honor to have the Trailblazer by my side!
Same rule as always — no backstabbing, okay?
We're just having fun.
Good! The stronger the better.
Sampo Koski always takes care of his friends.
Can we bring out the big guns already?
Try this on for size?
Ooh, ouch...
Hey! W—Watch the face!
What are you waiting for?
The customer is king, and for me to betray the king, well... You gotta make it worth my while.
This price was too steep...
One good turn deserves another!
I owe you one~
Heehee~
How're you gonna win if you don't take any risks?
No cash?
Whoa. That's good stuff! Let me take a look.
Hey now! Pretty good.
I dunno — this one looks kinda tough...
Wherever there is business, there is Sampo.
Sounds like more business knocking.
You like it? It's yours for the taking!
Solving people's problems is my specialty⁓!
Hey, {NICKNAME}! Y'know, with Sampo Koski by your side, you've got a businessman, chaperone, and problem-solving conversationalist, all rolled into one! Pretty sweet deal, huh?
So, what's the job this time around? If you've got the cash, I've got the... No cash? N—Not a problem! Haha, just say the word, pal...
Come on, get some rest already! What's the matter? I'm not going anywhere.
Me? I'm just an easygoing fella that looks out for the little guy — free of charge I might add — who somehow gets pulled into everyone else's business with nothing to show for it! Tsk, like I say, I'm an easygoing fella.
If you package it right, you can sell the same piece of intel to different people! That, my friend, is called "maximizing your profit."
I'm a firm believer in "small talk brings big clients."
I sell things that buyers want to buy — and they call me a con man! It's outrageous!
You'd think in a place as isolated as Belobog, people would be more willing to share what they have. Well, it's the exact opposite. And I'm more than happy to make up the shortfall.
Come on, how did you guys end up in the middle of the Snow Plains? UFO? Let me guess, you took a train, haha. Seriously though.
Back when I first arrived in the Underworld, I used to bring Natasha the medicines she needed. I did that for a while, and before long it was medicines and intel. You know how these things work.
If anyone out there ever managed to strike a deal with Svarog, they'd earn my heartfelt admiration!
Our little girl in red is truly impressive. How did she get that giant tinhead to listen to her?
If she had it her way, Miss Seele would spend less time yelling at me and more time actively trying to hit me. Can someone explain what I did to deserve her?
Ah, we see each other pretty often — usually it's me running away and him running after me. Gotta say, I'm gradually beginning to enjoy the attention, hehe.
We used to be good pals, but now... Let's just say her brother put in a bad word for me.
My only wish is to get acquainted with the supreme guardian-to-be. Any introduction will do — even a painful one!
Have you seen him compete? A lot of Underworlders made a lot of money off that kid! *sigh* Your pal Sampo here wasn't one of them...
Everyone has a colorful past, wouldn't you say...?
Aw, it was a close thing alright! Good thing it dawned on me: Hey, Sampo doesn't have to be a protagonist, right? The likes of us are better suited to... shadowy comic relief, huh?
Turns out the Astral Express crew is more fun than I expected! You liked it? Really? Haha, told you so!
...No no, I'm in no hurry to leave. What? Oh, Epsilon? Pff. What fun can you get out of a giant vanity fair like that? "True happiness always entails the manifestation of the dignity of mankind..." Now that's a quote I live by.
Well, bye for now. Send my regards to the guys and girls in the tavern. Oh, and don't forget to say that Sampo Koski will catch them for the next one. Time to make my curtain call.
To you, my dear audience, I dedicate my performance... I wonder, did I bring a little more joy into your lives?
...You don't have to answer that — but if the answer is no, then you'll break my heart.
What am I gonna do about her? Why, wait for the opportunity and send her back together with the rest of them of course, I... Hey come on, what's with the—
Wha— ...I didn't mean to bring her along! The smoke was too dense, I was in a daze! Before I knew it, I'd somehow dragged her down here too.
Hey now! Sampo Koski's primary concern is taking care of his friends. These guys scratched my back. How could I live with myself if I didn't scratch theirs?
And another thing! Where does Wildfire get off... assuming that these fine folks won't come in useful to them, huh? I mean, you never know.
Come on, accidents happen! I'll have them rounded up in no time.
Alright, I get it! I'm setting off right now. I'll have to trouble you to look after them while I'm gone, ma'am.
Everything. They keep the peace, uphold justice, fight for resources, distribute goods...
The sliver of trust they have for me has to do with the last one...
Huh? Where's Joshua?
Ah, this is Geomarrow, an exothermic ore. The underground and the surface are sealed off from one another, right? Well only the Geomarrow transport line is still running. The underground sends ore to the surface, and the surface sends goods to the underground. At least in theory.
Most undergrounders are miners, and this is what they mine for a living. Y'know, if we didn't have Geomarrow to burn, this world would have frozen to death long ago.
Hmm, let's keep moving. The person I was looking for isn't here...
Huh...? Old Oleg isn't here either. Where is everyone? Hehe, hm...
I wouldn't dare! Trust me, we're getting close!
Oh, that's the Furnace Core, and it's also the pillar that connects the Underworld and the Overworld. People used to travel up and down that thing, but then...
It's a long story. In any case, practically nothing moves up or down anymore.
Oh! C'mon, my dear fellow, I thought we weren't going to discuss this? I beg you, the fewer rumors there are about me, the better!
Seele's usually always out on patrol here at this time...
What's Wildfire up to...? Hmm... are they avoiding me?
M—My friends, don't just stand there! This drama really doesn't need any more bystanders!
Yeah! Now you're getting it.
Exactly! My boy Cold Dragon Young — uh... young master Dan Heng speaks with reason.
Well said! The young lady is wise and righteous!
Miss Seele! Phew, it's a good thing you showed up when you did. My heartfelt thanks~
These vagrants have got some nerve looking for trouble in Wildfire terri—
Perfect, Miss Seele! We were just on our way to pay Chief Oleg a visit ourselves. Room for a few more?
Well it's like this: The chief's in the market for specific talent — an urgent request. So, I'm taking them to see him...
Ahaha — ahem! I would recommend you not recite your story to everyone you meet. Miss Seele won't understand it anyway, so let's save it for the chief, huh?
H—Hey! It's you! I was just thinking to myself: "Am I getting robbed? Who are these people following me?" So, y'know, you start to walk a little faster, and... Anyhoo if I'd just turned around, I could've thrown open my arms and said a big "hi" to my old friends.
Me? Scared? Hahaha, my friends, what do I have to fear? *gasp* Surely I haven't done anything to offend you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa rewind. If I hadn't made a break for it, Gepard would've caught all of us. And do you think he would've given you a chance to explain yourselves? Hmm? He would've checked you straight into the graybar hotel!
Meanwhile, there I was, looking out for you from the shadows! Do you know how difficult it was to make an entrance? They were watching you the whole time!
Set him up? Yeah, with a job! You guys are new here, and let me tell you — you're gonna need some cash.
And, Sampo Koski stops at nothing to help his friends. Saving you was just the beginning — I have to consider your finances too! With me you get the full service, folks. That's friendship.
...My fine fellow, please don't do that again. You scared the daylights outta me.
I had no choice but to take you guys down here. It was too dangerous for us on the surface — we're wanted criminals!? Sure, the Underworld has its drawbacks, but at least the Guards would never follow us. We're safe here...
Maybe you've forgotten, but we were in a tight spot my friend — there was no time to think. I had to use whatever I could.
...
You win! I'll help you to the best of my ability — free of charge I might add! But please, don't go spreading rumors about me?
*sigh* Alright! To prove my sincerity, I'll introduce you to Wildfire. If you're looking for something down here, they're the ones to ask!
Because you are looking for something! Why are you asking? Dan Heng told me you guys were searching for a... what's the word... "Stellaron" — sounded pretty powerful. If anyone has a clue on its whereabouts, it'll be Wildfire.
Uhh... Uh, y—yeah! I mean, If you'd fought in the final round and won, you'd have incredible street cred right now! Wildfire wouldn't think twice about talking with you. I don't see the problem.
Well, there's no such thing as a free lunch, of course. Wildfire has no reason to help you yet, so we'll just have to give them one! With your talents, we have nothing to worry about.
I'm telling you, no matter where you go, there's only one rule to getting things done: find the demand. Y'know, like supply and demand? Anyway, The underground has been sealed off for more than a decade — but do you think people here are just resigned to their fate?
Well if you want my opinion, they're a bunch of artless, stubborn fools. But who cares what I think, huh?
They're a band of do-gooders who sprung up to maintain order in the underground. After the Silvermane Guards withdrew, Wildfire set up shop.
Still, don't underestimate them! "We walk in the presence of giants" — have you heard that saying before? Well, Wildfire has giants in its midst. You'll see.
Have a little faith! It's like I said: "Sampo never lets friends who've helped him come to harm." Hehe...
Bored? Your big brother Sampo's always up for a chat.
What kind of question is that!? I'm your old pal — Sampo Koski — we've been through thick and thin together!
Well, that just means there's something wrong with your question! Questions are like transactions — if your request isn't clear, you might end up buying the wrong thing.
What do you mean!? We battled wind and snow — fought shoulder to shoulder against the great Gepard Landau! I risked life and limb in the Fragmentum to save you from the evil clutches of the fearsome Bronya Rand!
How's that for thick and thin?
Yeah! Haha... Wait, do you mean it?
Wildfire are one of my major clients, though the work is mostly odds and ends... Still! It's always a pleasure. Haha, who am I to complain if the money's right, huh?
Seele works for them — Oleg's most trusted lieutenant. *sigh* To her I'm probably just, uh, Wildfire's lapdog.
Haha! But a very contented lapdog, I should add! Hehe...
As a non-member, not a clue. They'd never tell me their ultimate aims. Shame, really, it's not like I'm a blabbermouth...
A pleasure! Until next time.
And the other big heroes, Dan Heng and March 7th!
I brought you down. I can take you back up! Free of charge, satisfaction guaranteed.
Of course not! This time we'll go back through the Furnace Core.
Well, for my sparkling companionship of course! ...I jest, I jest! The path has been blocked for over ten years, and very few know how to get through. That's where I come in.
That would be... problematic, and dangerous. Trust me, we should go through the Furnace Core.
Please, don't be like that. We have so much history together, can't you have a little faith?
Miss Seele, I'm still here, you know...
Landau... Uhh yeah, we're old friends. I've mostly dealt with the younger brother in the past, but the sister... *shudder* She's much scarier. Today's supposed to be a day of celebration, so let's not talk about it right now.
We can set out at any time. Just come find me when you're ready~
Well my friends, are you ready to head out?
Wonderful! Remember to bring enough food and drink to refuel on the way. We have a lot of steps to climb!
Ask away, my friend. I have all the answers you seek.
What else is there to say? You know him as well as I do. He's an upstanding guy, as well as young, handsome, and charming in his lack of charm.
But to be honest, I'm not very close to him. After all, he's an officer and I'm... the opposite.
Oh, she's quite extraordinary. The renowned rebellious Landau girl. She once had a bright future, but after getting on her leader's bad side, she lost her job. She ended up opening a workshop and playing underground music.
I heard that her old man was furious, and that only a few younger siblings are still in contact with her.
I used to go to her sometimes when I had any mechanical problems above ground. But for... various reasons, I don't visit her workshop much anymore.
It's a passage connecting the Underworld and the Overworld, a big, stone, spiral stairway. Y'know, I don't understand the Architects' obsession with making these steps when there is such advanced technology available. Wouldn't an elevator have been better?
...It's easier for you youngsters. For this old guy, the steps of the Furnace Core are a nightmare on the knees!
You haven't heard enough about me, huh? Alright, my name is Sampo Koski. I'm a businessman who stands up for justice in his free time. And no, I don't have it in for you.
What's the matter? Got too attached to the underground? Go ahead, I'll be waiting here.
It's been such a long time, old friend!
What a coincidence to run into you here! Oh, my! I'm in luck today!
Yes, it's none other than your old friend, Sampo!
You're such a hoot, buddy. This is Penacony, of course you're in a dream!
You're surprised to see me? You know, it's thanks to you that I can be here — you helped Jarilo-VI open up to the outside!
Oh, Miss March! Don't you remember me? After all the favors I did for you all in Belobog...
Oh, no wonder! I was just thinking, there's no way Miss March could change her appearance so dramatically in such a short time.
Haha, seems like we're getting on the same wavelength now!
Oh, don't be like that. You're making things awkward.
Come on! It's been so long since we last met each other. How can you just walk away like that?
My purpose? Haha, you're funny. What else can I do in Penacony? Well, I just hang around, daydream, and do the things that anyone on vacation would do.
Speaking of which... Old pal, since fate brings us here, I'm obliged to give you a tour of this area.
I've been watching you two for a long time. Miss Firefly does know Penacony well, but when it comes to "entertainment for grownups," I think I can do much better.
Looks like my analysis is spot-on. Follow me, you two. Let me give you a taste of the adult world!
It takes a long time to reach the other side on foot. How about we just bounce over there using the pinball machine!
Dangerous? Miss Firefly, we're in a beautiful dreamland crafted by The Family. How could it be dangerous? This is the perfect place to have some thrills!
Here we are again, pal!
Right. I have two friends here who want to come with me. Any seats left inside?
Three.
No problem! Here it is!
Um, well, how can my friends have VIP cards when they've only just arrived, haha.
Can you make an exception and let them in? I'll provide my VIP card as guarantee that they won't cause any trouble, okay?
Just stay cool! Let me think of something... Got it!
Okay, so, we aren't going in anymore. But could you help me pick up something I left inside?
"The Moment of Betrayal," "The Cloud of Doubt," and "Everlasting Hatred." Just mention the "Clown's items" to Miss Thunderbolt — she'll understand what I mean.
Just a few... intense emotions. As far as how we'll use them, you just wait and see!
Tsk, just be patient! I'll explain everything when the time comes!
Miss Thunderbolt is such a thoughtful person! Thank you so much.
Now, we're only short of one item, which we might be able to find in an arcade machine... Coincidentally, there's one at the salon entrance. Let's get moving. I want to show you something fun.
Haha, I'm afraid you're mistaken, Miss Firefly! This is an arcade! This fine machine has a sense of aesthetics worthy of the Dreamscape — it's nothing like the techy junk you see around Punklorde.
I want to let you enjoy this firsthand experience, hee-hee.
Of course, it's just a suggestion. If you aren't up for it, I'll do it myself...
This belongs to The Family. How can there be anything wrong with it? If you aren't up for it, I'll just do it myself...
...Oh, my!
You've got swag now, pal!
...Look! The title of this game is Hanu's Adventure. According to the plot synopsis, you have been shrunken down by one of {RUBY_B#Boss}Stone{RUBY_E#}'s devices. You will embark on an epic adventure to rescue Dreamville with your miniature body...
Now, if you want to return to your normal size, you have to do everything that Hanu has done in the cartoon series — or you can just touch this TV.
Oh, here it says, "Enter the door to start your adventure." You have to climb inside from there to start your challenge, pal.
You didn't finish the game, did you? Well, I'm going to have to ask you to finish that game — I need those game rewards so I can let you two experience something fun.
Anything bothering you, Miss Firefly?
Don't worry! This isn't going to involve anything illegal!
Bingo. Our destination is right there — Peppy Pepeshi's Salon!
This is no ordinary salon. The only guests allowed to enter are the Pepeshi people — or those with VIP cards.
But then again, nothing is too difficult for Sampo.
That's right, Miss Firefly. That's where the good stuff is.
Look at that, you did great! This is the proverbial moment of freedom! You've earned it.
Now that we've got everything we need, we just need to go into a dream. Just follow me — you're about to experience the real fun!
Hello, Edward. I'd like my friends to try something... fun, if you know what I mean.
A superb idea, sir — let's do it. The one from last night would be perfect.
Exactly! Looks like you've got the picture. You've probably woken up from a dream one time, and wished you could just go back to dreaming it, right?
Well, whether a dream bubble is fun or not depends on what kind of dreams you've had. We all had dreams that we wished we could have continued after waking up, right?
Miss Firefly, I admire your eagerness, but please be patient. Allow me to use my dream as a demonstration.
What a huge pity! Such a meaningful dream came to an abrupt halt because of Miss Firefly...
...I was looking forward to seeing your face when the truth dawned on you.
...Trying to say? I'm not saying anything, I just want to reveal the truth...
Hint at? No, more like reveal...
Don't you want to find out the truth behind the dream? Don't let all the pretty scenery in the dream world distract you from your goal — as soon as you get complacent, you'll lose sight of the truth.
Don't you think this dream bubble looks really similar to modern-day Penacony?
A small stage is crowded with a bunch of scheming people. None of them want to be exposed under the spotlight, so they all push you to the front...
You're not at home anymore kid — you've wandered into the depths of the unknown. Let me put it to you straight — don't let yourself get enticed by that glowing light. I'm going to be very disappointed if you get bamboozled by the likes of them.
Seems like you really do have no clue. Turn around and take a look...
Same as always, pal. If you still don't get it, just turn around and take a look...
Is that girl still here?
She claims to be a local but doesn't know how this world works — all she's got is street smarts. Who exactly is she? You don't find her the least bit... suspicious?
You'd better hurry up and confront her if you have any questions. Don't let her off scot-free, haha.
See you around, pal... Don't let me down.
We meet again, my dear...
It looks like you have not taken my warnings to heart... A pity. Are you so enchanted by that girl?
You're just so... blind.
Oho, this brave little girl appears to be protecting you. I wonder why? Are you two that close?
I love your attitude, my dear. I have to admit you're different from your friend here — your senses are much sharper.
Even so, you are lagging far behind the main party. Have you not noticed yet? What The Family is hiding, the secret behind this sweet dream.
And as for you — the Trailblazer who saved the Ice World... I wonder how many things Sampo glossed over when recounting the happenings on Jarilo-VI? Oh well, it was my problem for trusting him...
...I'm really, really disappointed in you.
(This is part of my Dreamscape — Belobog is the setting for this dream.)
(This is a surprise that will be revealed later. You have to remember — in a dream, anything is possible.)
(No need to be hasty, now. You should take a moment to get used to the feeling of being in a dream within a dream.)
(I have no idea. I didn't come here when I had this dream.)
(Oh, really? Well you know what they say — great minds dream alike!)
(That's the thing about dreams — anything can feel familiar.)
(Stop nitpicking the details. If you ask me, I'd say you should take a look outside. But don't get frightened by what you see!)
(Dr. Edward said he didn't have the time to make any alternative storylines. Just accept it.)
Excellent, I'll remember the name. I never thought I'd run into friends from the same line of work out here in this frozen wasteland. *sigh* Business is bad these days, but fear not, Sampo Koski isn't interested in hoarding. There's more than enough treasure to go around, so let's get rich together! Hahaha.
Say, why don't we join forces? I have reliable intel the main strength of the Silvermane Guards is being deployed to the front line. This is a golden opportunity...
...Come now, friends. I can understand the mistrust, but there's no need for the charade.
Then again, I know the rules, vigilance is the name of the game in our profession. It's my fault for letting my enthusiasm and sincerity get the better of me...
Anyway, a meeting like this has to have been written in the stars. Ask me anything you like — I won't skimp on the details. Still, make it snappy, you're never more than ten feet from a Silvermane Guard...
Settlement? What a literary turn of phrase. Why, there's only one place in this world where the living still reside — our beloved Belobog! The further away you get, the dicier things become.
The City of Preservation, the Towering Citadel, humanity's last bastion against the Eternal Freeze... It may sound a bit over the top, but those names are grounded in truth. The only place humans can eke out an existence is behind those impregnable walls.
Me? You guys scared me to death... There I was looking for relics to sell, when all of a sudden you came stomping over. I thought the Silvermane Guards were paying me a visit.
Seriously though, try treading a little lighter next time, hmm? If you run into the Guards, they won't hide in a snowdrift... and you'll be in a cell before you know it.
You...You really don't know? The Silvermane Guards are Belobog's soldiers, enforcers, and police. Let's just say they're not the most flexible of people... and they like paying visits to folks in our line of work.
Seems like you guys really are new to the business. *sigh* To be young and naive again... How about this. As a senior in the field, which I'm sure you don't mind me saying, I'll give you some free guidance.
There are ways of doing things in this profession, and you better get familiar with them. Moving in the shadows, finding the goods, pricing your stock, hiding from the Guards... there's an art to all of it.
The city? Already? I haven't even started trading yet. Showing you the way is easy enough, missy, but it would cost—
...B—But it would be my pleasure! "Kindness" is Sampo Koski's middle name. Follow me, friends, and keep quiet. We don't want to be spotted by the Guards.
Uhh, I was just storing a few relics away from prying eyes, nothing serious. If it weren't for the uncompromising nature of our civil service, there'd be no need for secrecy.
So whereabouts are you guys from, anyway? I don't mean to pry or anything, I just care about my friends! No pressure...
...Rule number seven: Never leave a footprint. I have my own special technique called "invisible snow-walking." Helps me throw off pursuers in no...time...
Uh, you remember the Silvermane Guards I mentioned? That's them...
Help me, old friends! I don't wanna be caught!
It's now or never!
Over to you, dear friends!
Ooh! Sorry, I didn't mean to ruin the intensity of the moment~
Wh—What a pleasant surprise to see you again. Isn't it amazing how fate brings people together? Our bridge of friendship could extend all the way to Everwinter Hill!
"...Guessed?" So, you don't have any evidence...
...Eh-he. Well, I mean... how could you! Your old buddy Sampo is a model citizen, these days. Y'know the guards on sentry duty in the restricted zone? I deliver their breakfast every day, hehe...
...Eh-he. Well, I mean... how could you! Your old buddy Sampo is a model citizen, these days. Y'know the guards on sentry duty in the restricted zone? I deliver their breakfast every day, hehe...
Okay, okay, I have a proposal — I'm sure you'll find this very reasonable. Yeah, I made a few small fortunes in the artifact business lately... and I can give you a third of my earnings. How about that, huh?
In exchange, I only ask that you please don't tell the Silvermane Guards about me... Just tell them you missed the culprit. You're a big hero — they won't give you a hard time about it, right?
How's that sound? One-third is a lot of money — think about it! I would never dare to rip off a valued client such as yourself!
*sigh* I knew the good times couldn't last, but I didn't think a valued client would bring them to a close... Go ahead, notify the authorities — I'd rather burn out than fade away.
Hehe, I knew you were a reasonable person.
Here, here, take it! Mr. Cold Feet always keeps his word. It's been a pleasure doing business with you!
Well, I'll be on my way then. I wish you and your friends a happy today, a happy tomorrow, and a happy day after that!
My friend, are you serious? This device is quite rare. Are you really willing to sell it to me at such a low price?
I mean, I love a sweet deal as much as anyone, but I still have common sense — there has to be a catch, right?
Just doing a little business. What's all the fuss?
Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
Tsk boy, I knew it was too good to be true!
I gotta make this clear: I have nothing to do with this fella! You have to trust me— Miss Hook, please don't point that thing at me, it's scary!
Umm, well... It seems you guys have some issues to sort out. So... maybe I should leave.
Wait a second! Let's all just calm down! Is there something wrong with the source of this stuff? I mean, I've got nothing to do with it...
Hey, now this is Sampo's time to shine!
Of course! I wouldn't want to miss out on seeing you and Miss Hook's acts of heroism, would I?
Listen here, there's a fellow in Boulder Town they call Balaway the Miner's Lamp. He's an appraiser. Although he claims that he doesn't do appraisals anymore for ancient relics, he actually still does a bit behind the scenes for ones that are of especially high value.
I think this device of yours is probably worth a lot. It might be a good idea to try your luck with Balaway.
Here's a trick — first, pretend that you want to sell it for a low price, then wait for him to excitedly fix the device for you. After it's fixed, tell him you've changed your mind and you want to keep it for yourself.
This business tactic is what I call a "bait and switch." Pretty clever, huh?
Have a safe trip!
Uh, kiddo, I think there's been a misunderstanding...
I will be your guide, friends. By order of Chief Oleg...
I gotta say I'm a little upset at the thought of you choosing a toddler over your old buddy Sampo...
*sigh* My specialties in the field, perhaps? Wildfire may know where the base is, but have they ever been inside?
...No. But I've felt my way around the outside and picked up more than a few clues. I can help you. You have my word.
Hey, what are you trying to say!? Name me someone above or below ground that walks the talk like Sampo Koski.
Hey, what are you trying to say!? You guys wouldn't have even gotten to know Wildfire without my help, right?
Hey! That's not nice! Wildfire made a request and I got on with the job.
My legacy will prove that Sampo Koski was nothing but a willing and devoted servant of—
Great! Stay close.
Alas, this place is a bit of a mixed bag — plenty of... "characters." Keep your wits about you, friends. Don't let anyone deceive you.
Y'know missy, you sure know how to bear a grudge.
I was just about to get into those, before Miss March's colorful attempt.
Whoa, whoa! Pry it open? In front of all these vagrants and robots? They have eyes, you know.
Luckily for us, I've already figured out the mechanism for this gate. They don't just let any Joe Shmoe in and out of Boss Svarog's territory. I mean, if you wanna see the big cheese himself, you need "certification."
Correct, only {RUBY_B#Svarog's Scavengers}prospectors{RUBY_E#} with the right certification can get in or out. These prospectors collect mechanical remnants from all over the underground, and then bring them to Svarog for him to repair.
Honestly, it's a very profitable little venture. If only I'd beaten him to it... Hehe, they'd be calling me Sampo "Boss-ki" by now...
That's simple. You see the robots over by the vagrants? They're all Svarog's scouts — every one of them is commanded to maintain order here.
Apart from them keeping a watchful eye on these hooligans, another one of their duties is "processing." Anyone who wants to become a {RUBY_B#Svarog's Scavengers}prospector{RUBY_E#} has to pass a test from these walkin' stoplights first.
Not a clue, I never had the urge to go on a Svarog suicide mission before. You guys are the ones that want in, why not go and ask the robots?
Sampo Koski always knows the... Wait, what did it say again?
Well, I don't know everything. *sigh* Sometimes you've gotta ask around if you wanna know the answer. Don't panic... Let's listen in to what these vagrants are talking about, we might just hit the jackpot.
...Uh, y'know friends, if you don't know the answer, you don't have to pretend you do. No one's gonna laugh at you.
Great, only two more steps to go. Let's move.
See? Not so bad having Sampo on the team after all, right? Chief Oleg knew all along that I—
Alright, well let me issue a warning now: Everything from here on out is uncharted territory — we must proceed with the utmost caution...
...Ugh! Did anyone hear what I just said?
Guess you guys had a bad talk, huh? Luckily, Sampo's got your back!
How's it going, partner? Is that feeling in your chest the thrill of victory or just the joy of making it out alive?
I know, your heart is bursting with gratitude... but there's no need to thank me. We have what I'd like to call a "fiscal friendship." If the money's right, not a problem in sight!
Ha, I knew that you'd get yourselves into trouble eventually, so I got Oleg to send relief in advance. Pretty sensible, right?
My assignment was simply to take you to Svarog's lair. I got the payment and delivered the goods — I wasn't obligated to tell you about my dinner plans!
But I threw in something extra regardless. I only did that because we're friends, or I would've charged extra.
My pleasure! Friends should look out for each other. Good for business.
Here's a slice of life experience for you: Resourceful businessmen never get into risky trading without a plan b... and a plan b for their plan b. Plan c, we call that.
...The chief? Of course I knew. Wildfire are mostly made up of torch and pitchfork types. How could they function without her?
Not that I'm criticizing old Oleg! He's good at the heavy lifting. It's just that Wildfire needs a meticulous thinker lurking in the sha— Ahem! ...Working in the background, hehe.
Hey now, you've got me all wrong! I just enjoy watching people fight, that's all. Fierce words, fists flying... what's not to like?
Easy there, don't get mushy on me now. We professional types don't have time for "thank yous." It's business! Feelings don't come into it.
Hahaha~ you see? Gotcha! Hah, seriously though — Sampo will always be happy to assist you.
Do you have to ask every other minute, missy? Two more steps, just two more steps and you're there.
Not necessarily. Even if the result does not constitute harm, the criminal intent is... clear enough? You specifically came here to cordon off the scene because of the unsavory nature of this case, right?
Are you a witch!? Just how did you manage to convince them in the blink of an eye that we're some kind of detectives...
No no no, hey, you can save that for the enemy!
Beautiful lady, I already confessed everything to you earlier on — I really didn't know a thing. I just helped a friend send a letter, that's all.
Eh, this is... This is Belobog, right?
Don't worry about that Memokeeper. Let's talk about my thing. I've helped you out with everything you've asked, as agreed...
Shouldn't you give my mask back to me now?
Well, no comment about that. But I loved that line you said, "If you're too late to take the stage, you can work behind the scenes" — That really makes sense.
Sometimes, even an old-timer like me feels like taking the stage and making a fool out of myself.
Forget it. You'll be doing me a favor if you stay away from Belobog. After all, the Elation that Miss Sparkle seeks... isn't something ol' Sampo can stand by.
Go. Tell Giovanni I said hi.
Madam, forgive me. I had no idea about anything she said — As you saw, I went through a brain scan and everything.
I am just a friend, helping her deliver a letter, that's all — I never knew this was actually a declaration of warfare! They say you shouldn't kill the messenger — so maybe you can just, you know, let me go. You all are the big shots here. I'm really not on your level...
Ah, seems like I can't escape being an assistant detective... Fine. It's all fine, no big deal!
That sounds just like Sparkle. Her best asset is transforming her appearance to look like someone else.
Looks like a puzzle that Sparkle has left behind for you.
I'm afraid by the time we find him, half of Penacony will have been sent back to reality by Sparkle...
Hey! That's Sparkle who's saying all that! She doesn't represent the Masked Fools!
So they can talk after all! Miss Black Swan, they're heading straight for you...
Never heard of it. Sounds made up. Sparkle doesn't sound like a real name, either.
...Is the case closed?
...
If you can't justify it, don't bother...
That actually doesn't make much sense. Even if they were on bad terms, those three...
Hang on. I'm confused here... Lefton... Wright? Is this some kind of joke?
Is that all the evidence? How are we meant to solve this with so little to go on...
You scared me! When did you pop out?
Seems quite nice of her, if you ask me...
That sounded like a story from ancient times... and why did the facial recognition system suddenly go out?
This is nuts!
What's this... a plush toy?
You don't have to play along that hard, you know...
Next, should we pin down the identity of the perpetrator? This evidence... I've been staring at it all day but, there's nothing that can identify the perp.
If you put it like that, then do you already have someone in mind? Tell me, c'mon.
Huh? The next puzzle? I didn't sign up for this.
I have to remind you that Sparkle is a Masked Fool. Do you plan on finding logic in the mind of a Masked Fool?
Uh, why are you talking like that? Is this some sort of artistic performance that young people are into these days?
Her again? Sparkle really is obsessed with scripting her own death.
You're too lazy to be a suspect, right?
So it's just like the first case, then — only two pieces of evidence. The rest... hidden inside her memories again, right?
She doesn't want to "distract" our investigation? What a law-abiding citizen this Sparkle is — why doesn't she surrender, then?
A little stool that seems quite normal. There are two small footprints drawn on it in crayon.
Perhaps it's just that this person's drawing skills are extraordinary.
So there's a ring inside. This is evidence, too. Why was it planted inside another device?
Hey, there's something engraved inside the ring: "Zhongshan Family Heirloom..."
...What's that smell? Why is there a smoked red herring there?
Somebody save me from this cringe joke...
Have you dealt with many Masked Fools before?
That should be it. Let's head out.
Have you found out who the killer is?
This guy is mixing up his birds here.
Err... Is something wrong here? This is too easy. The first case wasn't hard, but this one...
...Ah, I see. Sheriff, the murderer is Lefton. The evidence is the tie, right?
Sheriff, the murderer is Wright. The evidence is the stool, right?
Then... right from the start, there was no murderer? The evidence is the ring... Whatever, I'm just spitballing here...
...
So that's it... This is just going to go on and on forever. We can't do that.
There's no weird Sweet Dreams Troupe, nor is there evidence strewn all over the place... We've finally caught up with her. Um, but what's that thing... A Belobogian trashcan? In Penacony?
What the heck was that jibber-jabber...
H—Holy smokes! What's up with this guy? He just came out swinging from nowhere!
Huh, no voices? This guy's pretty quiet. Miss, let's hurry up, flip open the lid and find the girl...
Ah... Ahhh! Miss, you... you killed Sparkle!
H—How is this possible? How can people die inside Penacony's dreamscape? In the Garden of Recollection... what did you do!?
You did this, didn't you? Killing people in their dreams... only the Remembrance has the powers to do that! You planned it out all from the start. Because she teased you and was pranking you... you wanted to kill her!
Oh... I understand. You refused to let me go because you wanted to drag me into all of this! If I don't agree, I'll end up... just like she did...
Miss... Miss Sparkle? Who are you talking to?
This... Don't jump to conclusions!
...If you want to accuse me of being Sparkle, you have to provide the evidence. Oh, I'm afraid evidence is a little hard to come by... so "deduction" will do.
Oh, you mean the locked-room murder? I thought you weren't planning on doing that one.
Has anyone ever told you that you're more like a detective than a Memokeeper?
Exquisite reasoning, and very close to the truth... But I have another answer. Would you like to hear it?
The great artist Sparkle locked herself away in her bedroom, using red paint to create the semblance of spattered blood everywhere. And that assistant detective who was first on the scene who confirmed her death...
...was not the murderer, but rather an accomplice who assisted her in faking her own death.
As expected, another change in setting...
Ah, no... I, it's... Haha, this locked-room murder case is pretty fun. I wanna guess who it was...
That girl said they're always silent, but if they gave you a reaction, it means they're actually one of Sparkle's puzzles.
You don't think they'll realize we aren't actually detectives, do you?
Look, an ID card: "Talent Motivation Department: Shamari"... Is this the victim's?
Holy moly, this hammer is super heavy... This must be the murder weapon for the Sparkle Murder Case.
I'm barely able to lift this using both hands. I have no idea how Sparkle could ever use this to hit a target...
So who exactly is the murderer?
Lefton. That guy lost his hand...
Er... is that so? I feel like the evidence doesn't really match? How about you think it over again?
So who exactly is the murderer?
Remember Zhongshan's face was disfigured after the incident at the cliff, right?
Er... is that so? I feel like the evidence doesn't really match? How about you think it over again?
By process of elimination, it seems that only Wright could be the murderer. That was easy. Let's tell the constable our answer and see what he thinks.
So who exactly is the murderer?
I remember this one best. Wright has a broken leg.
Er... is that so? I feel like the evidence doesn't really match? How about you think it over again?
So, why are you so focused on Sparkle's challenge? Or should I ask... are you more focused on Sparkle herself?
On the title page is written "Qian Ketong"... is that someone's name? A codename? I think it's the name of the owner of this book.
That skit before said that the deceased was strangled. Is this tie some kind of joke murder weapon?
That's not how you use the word "Imperial"...
This clock is...
Just as you said, solving puzzles is all just a cover for something else. That girl is toying with us. What should we do now? Just keep getting led around by her?
Miss, Why didn't you just do this earlier?
Wow... This place is a complete mess. And those two weirdos are probably here, too.
...
Hi, Astral Expressers... Well, you caught me.
All space and time are practically infinite, and yet right here, right now, we find ourselves together. That's the nature of "destiny" — it creates a miracle but convinces you of an accident.
Oh, bye-bye, {NICKNAME}. See if you can surprise me next time.
Before I joined the Stellaron Hunters, the nature of my work meant that I barely ever saw the same person twice.
Elio said that I'm good at creating "fear," even though I don't know what it is.
Playing the violin and firing a gun both require flexible fingers, but bullets are more obedient.
I especially love velvet coats, they're so fragile and beautiful. Difficult to maintain — you only have to be a tiny bit careless to ruin the sheen.
The past and the future are so similar to each other. I'm indifferent towards them.
There's a planet I go to every summer to look at the sea. That's when the tides are fiercest — you have to stand far away on the shore. Then, one year, they constructed a long observation pier. I haven't been back since.
My home world is one of many planets changed by a Stellaron... *sigh* It's a shame I never got to witness how far it fell at the time.
I like chatting with Silver Wolf. She's got a lot of ideas for someone so small.
Bladie... He takes after his name — his fights are a pleasure to witness.
Oh, Sam isn't nearly as picky about his prey as I am... you might consider it a lucky break running into me.
No one can completely grasp another's thoughts... Not even you or I.
If destiny can't propel me forward, I'll be the one to push destiny.
It's tough to get going again once you've stopped, don't you think?
The path to the future begins right here.
 {NICKNAME}, we meet again.
 {NICKNAME}, we meet again.
Let's skip the formalities, Silver Wolf. I'm always game for putting on a show.
The hunt beckons, Bladie. Are you ready?
Oh, the Express Crew. Looks like we'll be joining forces quite often, huh?
Caught in the net.
Just in time.
May as well kill them all~
Time to move.
This won't take long.
Didn't hurt.
Not bad.
Good times never last.
Time to say bye. BOOM.
Relax.
This... isn't the end.
Oh! I'm still alive.
Thanks. You're too good to me.
Does that hurt?
The human body is beautiful in its fragility.
Hmm. We can use it.
Like what you see? Me too.
Nice work.
Huh, they don't look happy to see us...
*sigh* Is that a stain? I like this coat.
That breathing sensation? Remember it.
Stand still.
No surprise there.
Impressive. Want a prize?
Hi, Astral Expressers... Well, you caught me.
All space and time are practically infinite, and yet right here, right now, we find ourselves together. That's the nature of "destiny" — it creates a miracle but convinces you of an accident.
Oh, bye-bye, {NICKNAME}. See if you can surprise me next time.
Before I joined the Stellaron Hunters, the nature of my work meant that I barely ever saw the same person twice.
Elio said that I'm good at creating "fear," even though I don't know what it is.
Playing the violin and firing a gun both require flexible fingers, but bullets are more obedient.
I especially love velvet coats, they're so fragile and beautiful. Difficult to maintain — you only have to be a tiny bit careless to ruin the sheen.
The past and the future are so similar to each other. I'm indifferent towards them.
There's a planet I go to every summer to look at the sea. That's when the tides are fiercest — you have to stand far away on the shore. Then, one year, they constructed a long observation pier. I haven't been back since.
My home world is one of many planets changed by a Stellaron... *sigh* It's a shame I never got to witness how far it fell at the time.
I like chatting with Silver Wolf. She's got a lot of ideas for someone so small.
Bladie... He takes after his name — his fights are a pleasure to witness.
Oh, Sam isn't nearly as picky about his prey as I am... you might consider it a lucky break running into me.
No one can completely grasp another's thoughts... Not even you or I.
If destiny can't propel me forward, I'll be the one to push destiny.
It's tough to get going again once you've stopped, don't you think?
The path to the future begins right here.
 {NICKNAME}, we meet again.
 {NICKNAME}, we meet again.
Let's skip the formalities, Silver Wolf. I'm always game for putting on a show.
The hunt beckons, Bladie. Are you ready?
Oh, the Express Crew. Looks like we'll be joining forces quite often, huh?
Caught in the net.
Just in time.
May as well kill them all~
Time to move.
This won't take long.
Didn't hurt.
Not bad.
Good times never last.
Time to say bye. BOOM.
Relax.
This... isn't the end.
Oh! I'm still alive.
Thanks. You're too good to me.
Does that hurt?
The human body is beautiful in its fragility.
Hmm. We can use it.
Like what you see? Me too.
Nice work.
Huh, they don't look happy to see us...
*sigh* Is that a stain? I like this coat.
That breathing sensation? Remember it.
Stand still.
No surprise there.
Impressive. Want a prize?
Hi, Astral Expressers... Well, you caught me.
All space and time are practically infinite, and yet right here, right now, we find ourselves together. That's the nature of "destiny" — it creates a miracle but convinces you of an accident.
Oh, bye-bye, {NICKNAME}. See if you can surprise me next time.
Before I joined the Stellaron Hunters, the nature of my work meant that I barely ever saw the same person twice.
Elio said that I'm good at creating "fear," even though I don't know what it is.
Playing the violin and firing a gun both require flexible fingers, but bullets are more obedient.
I especially love velvet coats, they're so fragile and beautiful. Difficult to maintain — you only have to be a tiny bit careless to ruin the sheen.
The past and the future are so similar to each other. I'm indifferent towards them.
There's a planet I go to every summer to look at the sea. That's when the tides are fiercest — you have to stand far away on the shore. Then, one year, they constructed a long observation pier. I haven't been back since.
My home world is one of many planets changed by a Stellaron... *sigh* It's a shame I never got to witness how far it fell at the time.
I like chatting with Silver Wolf. She's got a lot of ideas for someone so small.
Bladie... He takes after his name — his fights are a pleasure to witness.
No one can completely grasp another's thoughts... Not even you or I.
Not to mention, 45 system hours ago... a Stellaron burst occurred on the Luofu.
An unexpected calamity... don't you think?
...It's simple. That Stellaron has nothing to do with us, but the Xianzhou is convinced that we're responsible.
Doesn't concern me. Then again, a Corporation bounty is a compliment, not an insult, don't you think? The higher the figure, the bigger the compliment.
In pursuit of the most dangerous objects in the universe, huh? ...In that sense, you Astral Expressers and I are cut from the same cloth.
Have you guys heard of the Luofu?
Mm. But what you haven't heard is that it's currently very close to you — a couple of warp jumps away, in fact.
Not to mention, 45 system hours ago... a Stellaron burst occurred on the Luofu.
An unexpected calamity... don't you think?
...It's simple. That Stellaron has nothing to do with us, but the Xianzhou is convinced that we're responsible.
My companion Blade has been taken away by the Cloud Knights. I want to bring him back, resolve this Stellaron crisis, and clear our names.
You could, of course, not get involved. Knowing that the Stellaron hasn't yet affected this region of space, you could make the jump and arrive at the next world. But sooner or later, the star rail here will be more blocked off than it was before.
I can tell you what the future holds: If you don't go to the Luofu, the Stellaron will eventually contaminate the entire ship, and over half of the inhabitants will perish.
Oh you brave and fearless Trailblazers, you benevolent Nameless, can you really remain indifferent to that?
No comment.
Here are the coordinates. It's up to you how to proceed.
Our destinations may differ, but the orbits of the stars will eventually converge. See you later.
Who's this? Herta?
She looks so young. She was already famous in the last Amber Era, no? She has to be at least a hundred years old.
Hah. I seem to recall that over half of the Genius Society's eighty-odd members had a normal death. Wasn't there someone who only lived for a dozen days or so? What was their name...
Hah. What an Alliance joke.
Herta... Have you ever met her? I'm curious about the tastes of someone who used their own name for a space station.
What a pity.
Who's this old guy with a white beard?
...I know this person. She's the Lord of Silence, Polka Kakamond. See? Her face is all blank. She had destroyed all of her own portraits and sculptures in the entire universe...
This is Zandar. Zandar One Kuwabara. The first genius in history.
That's him... If the legends are true, then he was a man who created an Aeon.
Who's this?
Hey! Silver Wolf! Look! It's Screwllum, your good old opponent.
Ah, that battle was how Elio got his eyes on you. Imagine, someone actually able to crack Screwllum's code! First Screwllum, then Herta... there's probably no one else in the universe who offended two genii in such quick succession. It must be destiny.
Now, this hint is useless.
Interesting, she's a member of the Genius Society alright.
Can you get it?
Good, then I'll also count on you with the preparation of the receptacle.
...
A space station, but that's not important.
Great, so you remember me.
I thought you'd remember me.
Listen: You are in a daze right now. You don't know who you are, why you're here, or what you're going to do next. You think I look familiar, but you're not sure if you should trust me—
...None of that matters. All you need to know is that I'm leaving, and you will be left all alone on this space station. From now on, you needn't think about your past or doubt yourself.
Listen: In the near future, you will encounter all kinds of perils and hardships, but you will also have many wonderful experiences. You'll meet companions who treat you like family, and embark on surreal adventures with them...
At the end of your journey, all that perplexes you and troubles you will resolve.
This is your future that Elio has foreseen. Do you like it?
Lovely.
Listen: Remember what you're feeling in this moment. As long as you know in your heart where you're heading, you are guaranteed to see the ending of your story.
That's the you I like.
Listen: Elio can foresee the future, but he can't make decisions for you.
Use that will of yours to reach the end of your story. That's the you I like.
The next stop, to pave the way for the future that is written.
It's like weaving brocade — you and I can only add one gold thread each time, but eventually, we will make a gorgeous pattern.
I know, Silver Wolf. Just give me another minute.
I must leave now. Listen: Don't worry. Someone will come and find you very soon, just go with them. You won't remember a thing except me.
When you have a chance to make a choice, make one that you know you won't regret...
This is also a lovely answer.
Here are the coordinates. It's up to you how to proceed.
Our destinations may differ, but the orbits of the stars will eventually converge. See you later.
When the trace of the hunted disappears, the hunter better think twice...
It might mean the tables have turned.
What a hassle, this place is too far for the diviner. See you up ahead.
So close and yet so far... you'll have to pick up the pace.
I've been waiting for you.
Of course, I didn't want to make things too difficult, so I spun you a broad web... Wasn't that nice?
Welcome, Astral Expressers. Looks like you caught me.
...
I didn't plan anything. It was the future. We interfere on countless future possibilities and make the best future a reality.
You speak too highly of us, Welt. The Stellaron Hunters are merely destiny's slaves.
If I said "best for the universe," would you believe me? Hehe... Best for me, naturally.
Oh thanks, but no thanks. I can't stand moving at someone else's pace.
We don't have much time. If I were you, I'd make a move before it's too late.
Mm, right on time.
Don't resist. Let the mara strike you...
All of you, listen to me — stop.
I'm just clearing the stage for the grand entrance — can't have you three misbehaving in front of the Luofu's hotshot general.
Well, Bladie? Are you satisfied?
... Bladie, listen: You're back.
Listen: Calm down.
Blade! Control yourself! Don't think about her!
Bladie, listen to me: Unleash the mara.
{RUBY_B#Stellaron Hunter}Elio{RUBY_E#} always tells the exact future. So what's with the explosion just now? Was that also part of his script?
You did that?
*whistle* Alright, so do we need to fight the Legion?
Got it. So from now on, I'll be in charge of this operation.
...Sorry, I'm afraid there's not much I can do for you — our task this time is just to "place" the target properly.
But if you wanna go look for some fun yourself, I won't stop you. I mean, after all...
*sigh* Yeah, yeah. Where did you send it, Silver Wolf?
Of course not~ I'm just amazed at this fancy technique of yours, as usual.
What were you looking at so intently just now? Let me see.
Like what?
...Doesn't sound very interesting.
Fine, I guess we can swing by and play with it if it's not too far. What's our destination?
So that's where the {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellaron{RUBY_E#} is?
Is the receptacle ready for use?
Elio said this decision will bring about lots of changes...
When did the Antimatter Legion become so weak?
This lot won't be able to slow down the Astral Express crew.
Hmm...
Not a problem, for us.
Hold it.
Someone, or something, is up ahead.
But they're the ones getting besieged.
Not a single soul here. Impressive evacuation work. Did Herta organize it herself?
Doesn't ring a bell. Oh, right, Elio said we wouldn't run into Herta. It seems she really isn't here.
Where's the {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellaron{RUBY_E#}?
...We would find the Stellaron in a non-physical way?
Hiding something extraordinary with something extraordinary... this is pretty Herta. I assume you know what to do? I mean, you've read that catalog for quite a while.
Okay, the stage is yours~
I can see the whole space station on the surveillance screen... but not the Stellaron.
Huh? I can't see the memory storage for this terminal...
So, got a master plan? I'm all ears.
Aha, I see. Herta's collections aren't in the system, so anything unaffected should be our target.
Huh. What's this?
So Herta hides her collection with something as simple as this?
*whistle* Strange thing number two...
Let's take a look. Don't worry, this place won't be our grave.
Alright, alright, stop with the tantrum. You're not a kid anymore.
Uh-huh... anyway, what are you gonna do now, hm? Hack an IPC branch nearby and get your accounts back?
You're going alone? That's the IPC's headquarters.
I probably won't be able to. I'm in Elio's next script, did you forget?
I hope you have a good time in Pier Point as well.
Getting a move on already? I would've thought you'd at least wanna spend some time with that cartridge you were obsessing about.
If we had Elio's eyes, the world would not appear as it does to you and I. There are myriad possibilities overlapping one another, representing the consequences of different choices. In every passing moment, an infinite number of choices converge on the same point and become the present, and then become the past...
So... was this your choice? To respond to my request for help?
I do, Blade is in a prickly situation. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
Is that so? Haha, so how can we get you to make up your mind?
Huh... Really? You refuse?
...If you wanted to refuse, then why would you be standing here right now?
I'm grateful. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
Haha, yes, we're all "Destiny's Slave."
What we call "destiny" is neither visible nor tangible, yet it is as certain as the collapsing and converging of the past and present. I called out to you, and you came. You had many choices, but everything led you here... to right here and right now.
You heard the call and knew that I truly did need your help, so why are you hesitating?
But I've already told you.
Is that so...
So you believe that this universe is free?
I'm grateful. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
Well, let me ask you the same question again. It's not that I can't let it go, it's just that I deeply understand that in this seemingly vast world, real choices never exist and have no meaning.
I'm grateful. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
You know why I'm trying to stop you, right...? If you leave, the story that follows will vanish from your future. It will become an unalterable, irrevocable past.
I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou... you're the only person I can turn to for help.
What is it you're holding on to? The right to choose? Or are you actually trying to defy destiny? Don't you understand that even this act of defiance is limited by predetermined possibilities?
I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou... you're the only person I can turn to for help.
Elio said that you would help me. I wonder how many possibilities he saw before he got a glimpse of that reality...
I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou... you're the only person I can turn to for help.
...
I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou... you're the only person I can turn to for help.
If you're only concerned with my next answer, quit while you're ahead. Every choice has consequences, and every consequence carries responsibility.
I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou... you're the only person I can turn to for help.
In that case, a final warning: I respect your choice, and that choice will be irreversible. If you walk away, I will find a way to save Blade so I can leave the Xianzhou, and you won't be involved in any way...
I'm not sure what kind of future that will entail... Elio never revealed a single word about it to me — I'm as blind as you are. A long time ago, Elio convinced me that there is no true "free will" in this world, and that choice is merely an exhaustive list of possibilities.
But if you think you have the right to choose... if you insist on this and it comes from your heart... then maybe I'll be happy with the outcome. I hope you can rise above destiny, so that maybe one day, "you will change me."
Have you made up your mind?
I'm grateful. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
Whatever your choice is, I will accept it.
So your choice is...?
I'm grateful. On the Xianzhou... you're the only one I can turn to.
Hesitation never did anyone any good.
Being stricken with mara is the inescapable destiny of the long-life species. It is a madness triggered by the accumulation of emotions and memories. Blade doesn't remember much, but the mara still haunts him in some form...
After we arrived on the Xianzhou, the mara in him flared up so violently that even my Spirit Whisper couldn't suppress it. He's not fit for interstellar travel in this state.
My plan is to use Spirit Whisper to temporarily seal the mara by reducing its potency. I need to focus all my concentration so I'll be vulnerable for some time — I need you to protect me while I suppress Blade.
I know when danger will come and what form it will take. Don't worry, together we can do this — no harm will come to you.
Now...
There are wandering monsters nearby — they'll spell trouble if we let them hang around. Go take care of them — your victory is certain.
Ha, inevitably so.
Not fast enough.
Let me tell you...
I've weakened Blade's senses to the outside world so that he's only able to hear my voice and feel my touch — he's oblivious to everything else.
I'm going to transfer his consciousness away from the Xianzhou and cleanse his memories of Jing Yuan, Jingliu, Yingxing, and your friend Dan Heng. Again, this process mustn't be interrupted, but I can answer questions before I begin.
Yes, as compensation for helping me... You don't have any questions? I put you into a deep sleep then reawakened you, abandoned you at the space station then lured you to the Xianzhou... I owe you an explanation or two — don't you want to know?
Don't rush, we still have time. Think about it first and ask when you're ready.
One rule though — please don't ask anything boring...
Let's play truth and lies!
It's a game I play with Silver Wolf all the time — kinda psychological: Both sides ask each other two questions, then give one true answer and one false answer each.
So, one of my answers will be true, the other will be false. As for which is which, that's up to the asker to make the call...
We don't have much time — let's do two rounds to start. You ask me two questions, and you'll also have to answer two of mine. But remember: one truth, one lie.
Ah, that's not allowed! *sigh* The game only works when both sides follow the rules, but I'll be none the wiser if you break them. Let morality be your guide.
You think? I really like it. I'm not good at it though — Silver Wolf always manages to guess right.
I'll go first to give you a demo.
My first question is: What do you think about me?
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Haha, you're hiding your feelings well.
The Cloud Knights are here — I need you to help me get rid of them.
Uh-huh. Don't worry, I'll take care of any repercussions.
This conflict is inevitable... it's destiny.
See, the future always seems like infinite possibilities, but what is destined to happen will always happen. This conflict is inevitable because the other possibilities don't exist.
I need to use the Spirit Whisper on Blade again, but let's play another round first. Have you thought of your question? Come to me when you're ready. I can wait.
You? ...At first, you were a being accidentally created by an Aeon, with a body but no soul. Elio guided me to you, and you were given a soul.
There's nothing to say about your past. You only remember me because I was the one with you when your soul was born.
That's all there is to it.
You are an artificial body created for the purpose of hosting a Stellaron. From the moment of your birth, it was your destiny to receive the Stellaron at Herta Space Station. Before that task was complete, I was responsible for protecting you, as well as teaching you general knowledge, common sense, and combat skills.
The Stellaron in question was modified. After seizing it, Herta conducted a lot of research — it's the only Stellaron in the universe that doesn't contaminate humans.
As soon as Herta got bored, she forgot about the whole thing, but all her research was recorded in Screwllum's database. Silver Wolf retrieved it when she hacked into Planet Screwllum...
...and so Elio saw a new future possibility.
Therefore, you could say that you are a one-of-a-kind Stellaron vessel.
...
Genetically speaking, you are my child. A quarter of the data that makes up your body comes from me. Of course, neither Silver Wolf, Bladie, nor Sam are well-suited for looking after a child...
...so the burden of mentoring you fell on me. It was a stressful job, and I dumped you on the train as soon as I got the chance.
He's a long-life species, apparently he was Sword Champion of the Xianzhou at some point.
The Ten-Lords Commission planned to execute him, but he managed to escape from The Shackling Prison. He was severely injured — he forgot nearly everything.
Elio ordered Sam and me to find Bladie and return with him. According to Elio, Bladie's swordplay and immortality have important uses. That's all I know.
I don't know. Bladie didn't tell me — he said he doesn't know either.
When he woke up, he didn't remember anything. Sometime later, a woman found him. She taught him swordplay, and then killed him, over and over again, until it was too much for him to bear.
Elio ordered Sam and me to find Bladie and return with him. According to Elio, Bladie's swordplay and immortality have important uses. That's all I know.
Master and disciple. Bladie said that in Dan Heng's previous life, Dan Heng was his apprentice. A long time ago, several of Blade's apprentices joined forces to kill him.
After his revival, Bladie had forgotten nearly everything, but he remembered the night his apprentices killed him. He's been searching the whole universe for those who took his life...
Together, they did something bad — something terrible. It led to horrific consequences.
That's the information I managed to piece together. Bladie refused to tell me the details.
The old me? I used to be a Knight of Beauty.
I lost my faith and was recruited by Elio... that's how I joined the Stellaron Hunters.
The old me? I used to be a Devil Hunter.
I grew up on a planet contaminated by a Stellaron: Pteruges-V — "New Babylon." Humans there don't know what fear is — the concept itself simply doesn't exist.
When people don't feel fear they are dominated by desire and pleasure — they become "devils." When Elio found me, I was in the middle of a mission... and the conditions he offered me caught my interest.
Because I have a future that I want.
The rules of this game are like reality: We all think we have infinite possibilities, but when you really analyze it, you could count them on your fingers. Every question and answer is constrained by previous choices...
The future is like a labyrinth: Every divergence is merely an inducement. There is only one real path.
...It's a metaphor.
No, but what is predetermined is the future that has value.
Do I sound that negative? No. We believe that existence has meaning, but that meaning is bestowed by ourselves, not by choices.
If you don't believe me, try it for yourself: Soon we will face another battle. Can you change that possibility?
Oh...
That's the second time you've evaded the possibility of a battle... You really do want to change my prediction, don't you...
But the future is still clear — the real test lies ahead... The young swordmaster of the Cloud Knights. He will not be an easy foe.
The future is still clear — the real test lies ahead... The young swordmaster of the Cloud Knights. He will not be an easy foe.
The future is still clear — the real test lies ahead... The young swordmaster of the Cloud Knights. He will not be an easy foe.
Until then, let's continue our game. It's my turn again.
Hehe, second question: Do you want to see me again?
...
...
...
...
Okay, I'm done asking.
Partly...
For me, the truth or lack thereof is not what matters in this game...
After all, how can I know which answer is which?
It's your turn to ask a question. Come see me when you're ready.
You? ...At first, you were a being accidentally created by an Aeon, with a body but no soul. Elio guided me to you, and you were given a soul.
There's nothing to say about your past. You only remember me because I was the one with you when your soul was born.
That's all there is to it.
You are an artificial body created for the purpose of hosting a Stellaron. From the moment of your birth, it was your destiny to receive the Stellaron at Herta Space Station. Before that task was complete, I was responsible for protecting you, as well as teaching you general knowledge, common sense, and combat skills.
The Stellaron in question was modified. After seizing it, Herta conducted a lot of research — it's the only Stellaron in the universe that doesn't contaminate humans.
As soon as Herta got bored, she forgot about the whole thing, but all her research was recorded in Screwllum's database. Silver Wolf retrieved it when she hacked into Planet Screwllum...
...and so Elio saw a new future possibility.
Therefore, you could say that you are a one-of-a-kind Stellaron vessel.
...
Genetically speaking, you are my child. A quarter of the data that makes up your body comes from me. Of course, neither Silver Wolf, Bladie, nor Sam are well-suited for looking after a child...
...so the burden of mentoring you fell on me. It was a stressful job, and I dumped you on the train as soon as I got the chance.
He's a long-life species, apparently he was Sword Champion of the Xianzhou at some point.
The Ten-Lords Commission planned to execute him, but he managed to escape from The Shackling Prison. He was severely injured — he forgot nearly everything.
Elio ordered Sam and me to find Bladie and return with him. According to Elio, Bladie's swordplay and immortality have important uses. That's all I know.
I don't know. Bladie didn't tell me — he said he doesn't know either.
When he woke up, he didn't remember anything. Sometime later, a woman found him. She taught him swordplay, and then killed him, over and over again, until it was too much for him to bear.
Elio ordered Sam and I to find Bladie and return with him. According to Elio, Bladie's swordplay and immortality have important uses. That's all I know.
Master and disciple. Bladie said that in Dan Heng's previous life, Dan Heng was his apprentice. A long time ago, several of Blade's apprentices joined forces to kill him.
After his revival, Bladie had forgotten nearly everything, but he remembered the night his apprentices killed him. He's been searching the whole universe for those who took his life...
Together, they did something bad — something terrible. It led to horrific consequences.
That's the information I managed to piece together. Bladie refused to tell me the details.
The old me? I used to be a Knight of Beauty.
I lost my faith and was recruited by Elio... that's how I joined the Stellaron Hunters.
The old me? I used to be a Devil Hunter.
I grew up on a planet contaminated by a Stellaron: Pteruges-V — "New Babylon." Humans there don't know what fear is — the concept itself simply doesn't exist.
When people don't feel fear they are dominated by desire and pleasure — they become "devils." When Elio found me, I was in the middle of a mission... and the conditions he offered me caught my interest.
Because I wanted to change myself.
I have no mechanism for "fear." There's an empty space in my mind and my heart, but I'm unable to perceive it. Changing that part of myself isn't something I can do alone.
Elio can help me, if I follow his instructions.
...
My powers of suggestion are capable of convincing people to accept my orders... all without a second thought.
Of course, Sam and Silver Wolf would have broken us out, but Bladie would've been gravely injured, and our relationship with the Xianzhou would've been damaged beyond repair.
If possible, I'd like to avoid that kind of future at all costs.
Yes, the mara in you is temporarily suppressed. So long as you avoid over-stimulation and familiar faces, you shouldn't have a problem.
...Wait, you're not leaving?
...Then it's in your hands. Elio didn't say anything about what happens next.
Is this really necessary? I said I'd cooperate with you.
Then please, Master Diviner, witness my destiny.
...You haven't changed a bit.
I'm sorry you have to see me in such a sorry state.
Fine, if you prefer. Not friends.
Concerned about me? I'm fine, the Xianzhou is always courteous with its captives.
Really? That's good. I wouldn't want to affect your image of me.
I didn't talk to you on the train because I knew you and I would get to talk alone here. Worth waiting for, don't you think? You seem to have a lot to ask me.
...Elio said he foresaw three questions, but they would be the same in essence. If I were to hear one of them, I would then tell you the objective of this trip in all its detail.
Since you asked one of the three questions, it means everything is going smoothly. Are you ready to hear my answer?
Xianzhou's Stellaron problem is not directly linked to us. But if you look at it from Elio's perspective, you can't say the Stellaron Hunters are completely innocent. We foresaw all this long ago, but chose to remain indifferent until the time was right for us to get involved.
Diviner Fu was surprised because she discovered three truths: One, the Stellaron Hunters are not enemies of the Xianzhou. You know this now, though you refused to believe it.
Two, someone else brought the Stellaron into the Xianzhou and activated it — a result of internal unrest and external aggression. Traitors on the Luofu and enemies from outside want to overthrow the Xianzhou. The master diviner is in a hurry to find the general, presumably to inform him of this fact.
However, that's all the master diviner knows, because Elio withheld key pieces of information from me. He foresaw the Divination Commission using the Matrix of Prescience against me. To guard against setbacks, he ensured that I knew only what he wanted the Xianzhou Alliance to know in this moment.
As for number three, even in their wildest dreams, the Xianzhou Alliance could never have guessed it, haha... If the Stellaron Hunters aren't the cause of all this, then why are Bladie and I even here?
...We're here for you.
Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? It's no wonder Fu Xuan doesn't believe it either. But the Matrix of Prescience doesn't lie. The answer is just that bizarre: The Stellaron Hunters appearing here, Bladie getting arrested, me being lured to the Matrix of Prescience... it was all to bring you, the Astral Express crew, to the Xianzhou.
In the future that Elio chose, the power of The Hunt is indispensable. That's why the Astral Express crew had to come to the Luofu and achieve something important for the Xianzhou. You had to establish a connection with the Alliance...
...and that's why I had to trick you into coming here. I needed you to meet the Luofu's general in person and help him resolve the Stellaron crisis. I needed the Alliance to owe you a favor. That way, in the future, at the most critical moment, the Xianzhou will offer you their help.
What do you think? Surprised? The notorious Stellaron Hunters did all that just to make you a hero of the Xianzhou... Quite the plot twist, don't you think?
Like I said: Elio withheld key pieces of information from me. The future holds endless possibilities. Knowing the right thing at the wrong time could spoil all our hard work.
There is only one thing I can tell you about the future: In the best and the worst cases, you will eventually have to face Nanook the Destruction. When that time comes, you will need all the help you can get. It will be a brutal struggle of Aeonic proportions...
...proportions that neither you, nor I, nor the Astral Express will ever be able to reach. In the vast majority of futures, that's when destiny ends. But if we follow Elio's plan, there may be a glimmer of hope on the horizon.
Ha, are you kidding? That's not what we want.
I just want to tell stories from the past: stories about Aeons that have fallen.
That's right, it would be impossible for a human...
...but then I didn't bring humans into the picture, did I?
Is it so unthinkable? There are many stories about fallen Aeons.
Long the Permanence, Idrila the Beauty, Ena the Order, Tayzzyronth the Propagation... Akivili the Trailblaze.
These names were once known all over the universe. Now, THEY've all but disappeared, leaving behind only masterless Paths.
Currently, there are three ways an Aeon can perish known to humanity.
One: Paths with overlapping concepts will eventually collide, and the broader Path will engulf the narrower one. That's how Ena the Order was assimilated by Xipe the Harmony.
Two: In a war between Aeons, the stronger side will annihilate the weaker one — that's how Tayzzyronth the Propagation fell. Under the guidance of The Hunt, the Xianzhou Alliance travels the universe exterminating "abominations" cultivated by the Abundance...
...so the Xianzhou too are engaged in this process.
As far as I know, the predecessors of the Alliance were the Elixir Seekers. They searched for Yaoshi and longed for the blessing of immortality. When they eventually found the Aeon, they received a blessing that did indeed prevent death — the Ambrosial Arbor.
...But immortality turned out to be a curse for the Xianzhou. That's when The Hunt appeared — firing an arrow and felling the Ambrosial Arbor. Ever since, the Alliance has followed The Hunt in pursuit of Yaoshi, erasing the curse of immortality from the universe along the way.
After the disappearance of Long the Permanence, Tayzzyronth divided the Aeon's Path. In the process, Tayzzyronth became a new Aeon known as the Propagation. My understanding is that Tayzzyronth, or "Imperator Insectorum" to some, didn't last long...
...When the Swarm Disaster began to take hold, Tayzzyronth was attacked and killed by multiple Aeons.
I don't know. Akivili's disappearance was very mysterious. {RUBY_B#Aeon of Erudition}Nous{RUBY_E#} is probably the only one that can answer that question. After all, {RUBY_B#Title of Nous}Droidhead{RUBY_E#} knows everything.
They're the kind of stories that folks on the straight and narrow would never tell you.
...Hold on, any minute now.
Aha, it's begun!
No idea. A Society member?
I'm not interested. Hurry up with our real business.
The one who supposedly created Nous?
Well they better be false. I don't want to be a Zandar hunter.
No idea.
Hahhhh... I told you already. I didn't know it was him...
Urgh... Seems like I'm the real Destiny's Slave here.
How am I able to host a Stellaron?
What is my connection to you?
(Ask about Blade)
Who is Blade?
What is the connection between Blade and Dan Heng?
(Ask about Kafka)
Who are you?
How am I able to host a Stellaron?
What is my connection to you?
(Ask about Blade)
Who is Blade?
What is the connection between Blade and Dan Heng?
(Ask about Kafka)
Who are you?
Hi, {NICKNAME}! The name's Asta, I'm the lead researcher on Herta Space Station. I'll be sure to let you know if I need your help... Don't worry, I think you'll be hearing from me.
*yawn* You're here! The observation matrix we adjusted should have some results for us now. Free to take a look?
Is that the time? Time flies when you're working hard.
*sigh* Even if I never kept in touch with any of my relatives, they would find their way over here.
You heard right! If I don't work hard, I'll have to go back and inherit the family fortune... *sigh*
...I haven't written a single word yet... But it won't take long once I get started!
"The space station is merely Herta's toy box." That's by no means an inaccurate statement. But this is Herta we're talking about — her toys are pretty dangerous~
Continuously channeling funds into constructing the space station, improving employee benefits, creating a positive feedback loop... Ahem, as well as satisfying the lead researcher's — that is to say my — indispensable shopping needs.
If only Madam Herta could pay a visit to the space station more often — the researchers are clearly her followers.
When I first got to the space station, the researchers had prepared a room for me. I—I was really grateful, but it was far away from everyone else. That was a bit disheartening.
Even the monitoring room is being monitored.
Arlan's always saying stuff like, "all of you must heed Lead Researcher Asta's judgment!" Then when I remind him that that includes him, he says, "don't worry, I have my own judgment."
If there's anyone who thinks they can be as headstrong as Madam Herta, I'd recommend they consider whether or not they possess her intelligence first.
The last time I spoke with Topaz, we agreed to take a holiday. We were going to charter a ship, go star-seeing, and catch up on all the IPC gossip... but we still haven't had the chance...
I asked Miss Ruan Mei where I could buy a charm like the one on her sleeve — but I was surprised to learn she'd hand-embroidered it. I was equally surprised when she gave me my own hand-embroidered charm the next time she came to the space station. Her craftsmanship, like her research papers, is superb.
Every star is a miracle!
The more I learn about it, the more I love the starry sky.
Goals are like the stars — we'll reach them eventually.
Another step closer to distant worlds.
The Express has been a lifeline — time to return the favor!
Arlan... don't carry the weight alone.
Oh! Madam Herta? We've got nothing to worry about.
Topaz, what a coincidence! Guess I should see this as a business trip!
Hm. Scared yet?
Time to get vigilant.
A guest with no manners, huh?
Guess what I'm about to do~
Look out~
Who's the lucky one today?
Ow ow ow...
No, don't...
Everything is ordained by the stars.
Oh profound secrets of the stars, give these Trailblazers your blessing!
But I want... to know more...
That didn't count, let's go again!
Saving me won't earn you any favors.
Found your weakness~
The stars will always remember us.
Do I have this already?
Definitely worth our while.
Progress~
Might as well beat it up before it attacks me.
Can you see the stars from here too?
I don't remember inviting you.
A gift from the stars~
Hope you like them!
Been a while since I worked on one of these!
Hi, {NICKNAME}! The name's Asta, I'm the lead researcher on Herta Space Station. I'll be sure to let you know if I need your help... Don't worry, I think you'll be hearing from me.
*yawn* You're here! The observation matrix we adjusted should have some results for us now. Free to take a look?
Is that the time? Time flies when you're working hard.
*sigh* Even if I never kept in touch with any of my relatives, they would find their way over here.
You heard right! If I don't work hard, I'll have to go back and inherit the family fortune... *sigh*
...I haven't written a single word yet... But it won't take long once I get started!
"The space station is merely Herta's toy box." That's by no means an inaccurate statement. But this is Herta we're talking about — her toys are pretty dangerous~
Continuously channeling funds into constructing the space station, improving employee benefits, creating a positive feedback loop... Ahem, as well as satisfying the lead researcher's — that is to say my — indispensable shopping needs.
If only Madam Herta could pay a visit to the space station more often — the researchers are clearly her followers.
When I first got to the space station, the researchers had prepared a room for me. I—I was really grateful, but it was far away from everyone else. That was a bit disheartening.
Even the monitoring room is being monitored.
Arlan's always saying stuff like, "all of you must heed Lead Researcher Asta's judgment!" Then when I remind him that that includes him, he says, "don't worry, I have my own judgment."
If there's anyone who thinks they can be as headstrong as Madam Herta, I'd recommend they consider whether or not they possess her intelligence first.
The last time I spoke with Topaz, we agreed to take a holiday. We were going to charter a ship, go star-seeing, and catch up on all the IPC gossip... but we still haven't had the chance...
I asked Miss Ruan Mei where I could buy a charm like the one on her sleeve — but I was surprised to learn she'd hand-embroidered it. I was equally surprised when she gave me my own hand-embroidered charm the next time she came to the space station. Her craftsmanship, like her research papers, is superb.
Every star is a miracle!
The more I learn about it, the more I love the starry sky.
Goals are like the stars — we'll reach them eventually.
Another step closer to distant worlds.
The Express has been a lifeline — time to return the favor!
Arlan... don't carry the weight alone.
Oh! Madam Herta? We've got nothing to worry about.
Topaz, what a coincidence! Guess I should see this as a business trip!
Hm. Scared yet?
Time to get vigilant.
A guest with no manners, huh?
Guess what I'm about to do~
Look out~
Who's the lucky one today?
Ow ow ow...
No, don't...
Everything is ordained by the stars.
Oh profound secrets of the stars, give these Trailblazers your blessing!
But I want... to know more...
That didn't count, let's go again!
Saving me won't earn you any favors.
Found your weakness~
The stars will always remember us.
Do I have this already?
Definitely worth our while.
Progress~
Might as well beat it up before it attacks me.
Can you see the stars from here too?
I don't remember inviting you.
A gift from the stars~
Hope you like them!
Been a while since I worked on one of these!
Hi, {NICKNAME}! The name's Asta, I'm the lead researcher on Herta Space Station. I'll be sure to let you know if I need your help... Don't worry, I think you'll be hearing from me.
*yawn* You're here! The observation matrix we adjusted should have some results for us now. Free to take a look?
Is that the time? Time flies when you're working hard.
*sigh* Even if I never kept in touch with any of my relatives, they would find their way over here.
You heard right! If I don't work hard, I'll have to go back and inherit the family fortune... *sigh*
...I haven't written a single word yet... But it won't take long once I get started!
"The space station is merely Herta's toy box." That's by no means an inaccurate statement. But this is Herta we're talking about — her toys are pretty dangerous~
Continuously channeling funds into constructing the space station, improving employee benefits, creating a positive feedback loop... Ahem, as well as satisfying the lead researcher's — that is to say my — indispensable shopping needs.
If only Madam Herta could pay a visit to the space station more often — the researchers are clearly her followers.
When I first got to the space station, the researchers had prepared a room for me. I—I was really grateful, but it was far away from everyone else. That was a bit disheartening.
Even the monitoring room is being monitored.
Arlan's always saying stuff like, "all of you must heed Lead Researcher Asta's judgment!" Then when I remind him that that includes him, he says, "don't worry, I have my own judgment."
If there's anyone who thinks they can be as headstrong as Madam Herta, I'd recommend they consider whether or not they possess her intelligence first.
I can't solve every problem the Express Crew might have in their voyage across the galaxy, but if money's ever the solution, come find me.
The last time I spoke with Topaz, we agreed to take a holiday. We were going to charter a ship, go star-seeing, and catch up on all the IPC gossip... but we still haven't had the chance...
I asked Miss Ruan Mei where I could buy a charm like the one on her sleeve — but I was surprised to learn she'd hand-embroidered it. I was equally surprised when she gave me my own hand-embroidered charm the next time she came to the space station. Her craftsmanship, like her research papers, is superb.
Projectile radar tracking, normal. Telemetry signal frequency unusually high! Maintain at normal levels!
Our measurements predict that the Legion is about to unleash over ten waves of continuous attacks. Everyone, brace yourselves!
Whew, I'm glad you're all back safe. Arlan just told me about the situation at the storage zone — and about his injury... thank you, for all your help.
In times of disaster, I realize more and more that the space station's researchers are its most valuable assets... Alas, we were ill-prepared for such emergencies... we should have built up our security and combat departments.
On the other hand, the entire crew of the Astral Express seems to be extraordinarily skilled.
The situation is under control for now. The damage to our security system was minor. The intruder only managed to alter a small amount of data, so it was easy to fix.
The real problem lies with the researchers... They trust Madam Herta wholeheartedly and never thought that the space station would be breached by the Legion. A broken spirit is far worse than a broken body.
I sent multiple letters, all met with silence. You know her, Himeko, the space station is but a mere warehouse for followers and rare items. She doesn't really care about it.
That would be of great help.
I'll leave the reassurance of the researchers in your hands.
If you have any other questions, you are welcome to come to Himeko and me.
This is Herta Space Station. As you might tell from its name, it belongs to the distinguished Madam Herta herself.
Herta Space Station was originally built as a warehouse for rare items and relics, but Madam Herta also allowed her followers to oversee tasks and conduct research. It then gradually turned into a scientific research base.
The storage zone you passed through contains all our inventory, and is the main research center.
The master control zone where we are now is the control center of the whole space station.
It is said that the space station also contains Madam Herta's private chamber where her most precious, rare, and dangerous collections are sealed... And for someone like her, it's not out of the realm of possibility.
Even from me, the lead researcher, there are many things she keeps secret.
I'm lead researcher of Herta Space Station. But honestly... I'm more like Madam Herta's "housekeeper" of this place.
Madam Herta is a genius, but managing disparate staff, tactfully representing the space station before the Intelligentsia Guild... these are all things beyond her abilities. But as it turns out they are my forte.
Hehe, scholars are a lot easier to deal with than those vociferous old geezers back at home.
No matter how much they drone on about "Astronomy is just about looking at things, it doesn't bring any real value," they all fall silent in front of Madam Herta.
No matter the problem, you just needed to say that it was Madam Herta's wishes and all would be fine. After all, Herta herself is a symbol of wisdom.
Hey, thanks to her, I can count the stars to sleep. Otherwise, I would've had to take over the family fortune. Just thinking about it terrifies me.
Arlan went to dress his wounds at the rest area. He knows himself well... but if he insists on pushing his limits, I'll give him a good earful.
I'm very upset he didn't obey my orders and insisted on searching the storage zone even though everyone had already evacuated.
I know he didn't want to leave any researchers behind... The Security Department is more than just a job to him.
But Arlan doesn't care about getting hurt, he only cares about protecting others. It's the only way he feels... fulfilled.
And it's not that I don't understand where he's coming from. I just want him to look out for himself, too!
Herta... she's a member of the Genius Society. One of the proud favorites of the Aeon of Erudition. Ever since the birth of {RUBY_B#Aeon of Erudition}Nous{RUBY_E#}, there have only been 84 people admitted into the Genius Society.
That is why Madam Herta is extremely... headstrong... She only pursues what interests her and as soon as that interest is lost, she abandons it and moves on. The space station was one such abandoned interest...
Anyway, I lent out one of her manuscripts as a resource reference not long ago. It should still be in the master control zone. You can take a look if you wish.
Huh, chatting with you seems to have lightened my mood. It seems like talking can really raise one's spirits.
I'll be here, you've got to fend them off...
You... hurry...
The supply zone's defense shield won't hold much longer. You all need to hurry...
It's a pity that we haven't had the chance to talk much, and now the Express is about to leave. Do you have any questions?
Madam Herta gave me a piece of code, which she apparently wrote on the way here. I just tried it out and the defense shield's regenerating three times faster than before.
Thanks to her, the Antimatter Legion outside is not much of a threat anymore. The space station's repairs and reconstruction can also begin smoothly, but internally...
When the Stellaron was extracted, even for that brief moment, it corroded the space station and formed a new space — what we now call the Fragmentum.
The part that was corroded is irreversible, so the space station will always be in a state of quasi-Fragmentum.
All existing Fragmentums are connected, so there will be monsters that will enter the space station through its Fragmentum.
Ahh, I'd like to know the answer to that as well.
All existing Fragmentums are connected, so monsters will be able to enter the space station through the Fragmentum here. But it shouldn't allow anything to exit your body, so...
I talked with Arlan and there's no easy solution to this problem at the moment. We can only increase the security and patrol frequency to protect the ongoing research.
I like you, but... you have a Stellaron in your body.
If you were just wandering around, or if you agreed to be sealed away in an experiment pod, that would be fine.
But if you're going to work in the space station long-term, the Stellaron may have some serious effects on the station's Fragmentum. As the lead researcher, that's a risk I cannot take.
I can sense your enthusiasm for the space station, but I'm afraid I have to turn you away.
If you wanted to come back and help, of course, I wouldn't refuse you. Dan Heng helped inventory our rare items, March 7th said that she would help out as much as she can and connected over 50 wires in the electrical room. Everyone from the Express is so obliging...
Sure, no hurry.
After all this is over, I'm putting my vacation time in with Madam Herta. I've got it all planned. I'll hop on an airship and give The Blue a good look.
Be that as it may, taking it in while on vacation and observing it during work are not the same thing.
I guess so? I haven't taken leave once since I joined the space station...
And if I have an actual, full vacation, I can take my time to collect observational data and finish writing my paper.
Of course, there's already a lot of published research on The Blue, but I want to study it myself. It might sound a lot like work, but it's really just a hobby — there are no deadlines or quotas to meet, and I don't get paid.
Huh? Madam Herta said that?
She's not going to care a lot about what you think.
Huh? What are you taking pictures of?
Why do you sound so nervous all of a sudden? Suspicious...
*sigh* I am. The Legion has only just retreated — the station is in absolute shambles.
And now any progress in rebuilding things has been ruined by the reappearance of the Fragmentum...
You know what she's like. It's like nothing's happened — she's just sitting back and giving orders.
If there's time later, I want to talk to you both in more detail about this. You're the Fragmentum experts after all.
*sigh* I need to go — someone's taken my family encryption key. You know, the one I use to withdraw my allowance? I need to get to the bottom of it.
This isn't wasting money! The IPC's budget is so stringent, and the process takes so long! By the time my application would've gone through too much time would've been wasted!
Do you know how much hardware was destroyed when the Legion attacked? And how many cables are currently out of order on the station?
How is it my fault when I'm spending my own money to solve everyone else's problems? Give my encryption key back!
You — who gave you the right to tell me what to do with my money?
I... I might have done that, but this doesn't count as wasting money!
I did make an order, but it didn't go through... I was just trying to improve security measures to make sure attacks like this don't happen again.
Ugh, please, tell me why you're here.
So, you think Richard was the one who stole my encryption key?
So he was the one who started the rumors... Hmm, that fits.
Go, go... Wait! Leave the encryption key here.
Huh? How can you...
Finally, you're here. This is urgent, so I'll cut to the chase — Arlan's disappeared.
Yes, I can't find him. He's not answering his messages or calls.
In all the time since I took him in, this has never happened.
Of course! I didn't see him...
Parts of the surveillance system were destroyed when the Legion invaded — it still hasn't been fully repaired. Maybe he took advantage of a blind spot.
It's been thirteen hours since he last contacted me. He usually takes less than 13 seconds to reply to my messages!
I looked everywhere and couldn't find him, so I checked the Security Department's work plan records. This is what I found!
Look, at his last work objectives entry: "Of the heart. Of the mirror. Of the self." It's so strange...
...Ahaha, d—don't worry about those.
...B—But he's never written poetry before!
*sigh* I asked people in the Security Department, but none of them thought it was concerning. They said stuff like:
"Brother Arlan is a grown man with his own plans!"
I couldn't get them to listen at all, so I'm asking you for help.
I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
Why are you acting like those Security Department idiots!? Stop fooling around and help me!
I have a secret weapon! Say hello to...
Peppy!
Mm-hmm, Peppy's my dog — Arlan's looked after him since he was a puppy. They're great friends.
Peppy knows Arlan's scent — maybe he can track him down.
Y—Yes! Think about it — if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
Peppy can't go alone. What if he gets lost too? And I can't go with him — if people see me, the acting lead researcher, searching for Arlan...
Wouldn't that... Wouldn't that make Arlan look incompetent as head of the Security Department?
...Let's go together! Relax — Peppy doesn't bite.
That's... Professor Capote? Are you sure Arlan was here, Peppy?
Weird. Why would he visit this Casanova?
Look at all his fans! Need I say more?
Behold, the winner of the "Most Awesome Researcher" contest.
Haha, he probably should've been named Casanova... I've gotten used to saying it, anyway.
Behold, the winner of the "Most Awesome Researcher" contest.
*sigh* What happened to you, Arlan? Why did you have to get that sleazy Capote to help you with a trial?
Yeah, I guess that's our starting point.
I heard he's good at rallying people to his cause... Ugh, never mind, let's stay on track and find some clues.
This handwriting looks familiar... Is it Arlan's...?
"Against the scorching sun, a beautiful flower will never endure. Within my fair embrace, my love for you is tender and pure."
Yuck, so slimy... it does sound like Capote.
Looks like a candid shot... but surely he knew it was being taken — it's autographed.
There's a figure that's not quite in the shot. Is that... Arlan!?
So Arlan did go to see Professor Capote. This is the evidence.
...Even the space station handbook doesn't get updated this frequently.
Is this... an audio transcript?
So... the trial of the heart means knowing how to deal with an overbearing boss.
So that's... how Arlan sees me...
I need to talk to him — let's hurry up and find him.
Peppy, it's your turn again.
That's... Dan Heng and the Security Department staff!
There are still remnants of the Antimatter Legion in the space station. Let's go help them!
Job pressure... how to manage your boss...
Arlan... I'm sorry. I never knew I was giving you so much pressure...
Mm... I need to feel the pressure he's feeling so I can understand what it's all about.
Ah, there's a photo of Peppy on the pass...
I got Arlan to look after Peppy because I thought they got along... but was that giving him too much extra pressure?
Maybe he printed out Peppy's picture as a way of forcing himself to remember his responsibility...
Look how smashed up this ceiling tile is... Arlan must have bottled up his frustration and had no way of releasing it — so he took it out on the monsters!
It's Arlan's shoe size alright — and this actually came from a pair of shoes I bought for him.
Maybe even these shoes are painful shackles for him...
Yeah... We need to find Arlan quickly. I need to apologize to him in person!
Peppy, let's get going.
I read that a Stellaron's internal fluctuations will cause a Fragmentum to appear.
Did Arlan...
The extent of the corrosion here is a lot worse than I imagined. Mrs. Hinkel did say the clean-up had been slow in places...
The report did mention abnormalities in the surveillance system and module errors... We'll have to start prioritizing those issues.
The Fragmentum corrosion is weaker here... I wonder what's controlling it?
I hope Arlan is safe.
Arlan... I...
I'm sorry!
It's all my fault — I've been putting too much on your plate. That's why you looked up ways to manage the pressure...
I—I honestly didn't realize that... these things would bring you s—so much... stress.
I just want to say... I... I'm sorry! *sob*
If you can't forgive me right now, then... I—I'll reflect further and... find a way to prove that I'm willing to change.
Firstly, your trial of the heart! You went to Professor Capote and asked him to simulate conversations with you so you could better understand your boss.
And the evidence is...
This handwritten fan reply card!
This is your handwriting, Arlan!
No need to explain! This is Professor Capote's autograph alright, but you can't hide your handwriting. The way you join your letters is no different to your childhood diary entries.
You're head of the Security Department — you don't have anything to do with Professor Capote. Why did you suddenly start writing his reply cards for him, huh?
Hmph, d—don't go spilling the beans just yet!
This limited-edition snapshot!
This was taken by a member of the Master Capote Fan Club less than 24 hours ago. In other words, you went to find Professor Capote today...
...and stopped responding to messages in the same time window!
N—No need to launch your defense, we haven't got to the core yet!
Master Capote's Life Wiki version 12.0!
This transcript records what you asked Capote to help you with. Here we can see a bossy manager and you being asked to do things outside of your job description.
Clearly, Professor Capote is unlikely to master my speech or mannerisms any time soon... But the content is the key here!
I am the source of your pressure!
Oh Arlan, won't you accept my apology?
*sigh* I'll just have to show you more evidence.
We know the essence of your trial of the heart, and we also know that you asked Dan Heng to help you complete the trial of the mirror.
I'm so sorry, Arlan. Until I spoke with Dan Heng, I never realized how much pressure was on your shoulders.
Hold it! I have evidence...
This ceiling tile!
This... um... ceiling tile! You... you broke it!
I know you can be tough, but you're not violent by nature, Arlan — quite the opposite! Breaking a ceiling tile like this shows how much pressure and anger you were carrying around!
This footprint!
I bought these shoes for you — I remember the size and the design. This is undoubtedly your footprint.
But I can tell a lot from the details, such as... umm... y—you used a lot of force! You had a lot of pressure, so you stomped really hard!
Your ID pass!
This isn't just any old station pass, is it? There's a very important photo on it!
A photo of Peppy!
No, no, Arlan. You don't need to find excuses for your actions. *sigh* Maybe you've actually convinced yourself...
The combination of your simulated conversations with Capote and the entry in your work log about playing holodisc with Peppy...
It points to one thing: Me getting you to look after Peppy is the greatest source of your stress!
Y—You even printed out a photo of Peppy to constantly remind yourself to look after him! *sniff*
I know exactly what message you're trying to drill into yourself by sticking this photo onto your pass: "Arlan, taking Peppy out to play is an assignment from Lead Researcher Asta — you better throw that holodisc like it's a full-on discus! If you spare any effort... Lady Asta will find out and punish you terribly for all eternity!" *sniff*
But Arlan doesn't have any other bosses — who else would it be? March, he asked to accompany you so he could learn how to manage his stress, right?
Ugh, Arlan, all I want you to understand is how sincerely I'm reflecting on my actions. Please accept my apology!
Stop!
Arlan, I understood the level of stress you're dealing with as soon as I saw this photo.
I'm always giving you tasks and assignments, but I never actually see how you take to the battlefield...
...when I saw this photo, when I saw you fighting alone just now...
I'm just sorry that I gave you the stress of all my private affairs on top of an already stressful job.
Please forgive me, Arlan.
So... you don't feel pressured around me?
Of course not, Mr. Screwllum. Welcome to Herta Space Station.
We appreciate your high praise, Mr. Screwllum. Would you like me to show you around? Since the last summit, we've launched several new research projects focused on silicon-based matrices.
Madam Herta should be in her office. I'll take you there. Right this way.
You probably know the gist of things already. A few system hours ago, one of Madam Herta's puppets was attacked by an unknown perpetrator. We don't know the location of the puppet, and we can't pinpoint its signal.
No. The attack happened on a base outside the station — beyond the surveillance cameras' range.
She's away on a visit. This issue didn't seem to trouble her much.
I've long heard that you're one of the best researchers in the Guild, Dr. Ratio. We are honored to have your assistance.
Huh? I—I do remember that happening... I think?
Huh? Invite me next time!
We'll see in the main control room. Let's go... Huh? What was that?
...Hmm, a Curio that's alive but doesn't have a body? Sorry, but nothing comes to mind...
Maybe the researchers at the Departments of Ecology or Insight may have an idea?
Hinkel and ■■■ are around here somewhere. I'd suggest you ask them about it.
...Hmm, a Curio that's alive but doesn't have a body? Sorry, but nothing comes to mind...
Maybe the researchers at the Departments of Ecology or Insight may have an idea?
Hinkel and ■■■ are around here somewhere. I'd suggest you ask them about it.
How's it going? Did you find the information you're after?
I see. Is that what Hinkel and ■■■ think? At least that counts as a lead.
See? My researchers are pretty outstanding.
Just business as usual, nothing to worry about.
Anxious? Me? Is it that obvious...?
...After the Legion's invasion, the space station has been under constant scrutiny. Physical damage can be easily repaired, but it takes a long time to heal the wounds in people's hearts.
Some researchers have been questioning the management and security of the space station ever since the invasion.
Things had settled down a bit with the reconstruction efforts, but the researchers' disappearances have rattled them again.
Yes. Four researchers have inexplicably disappeared in a matter of days. No exit logs, no traces — vanished.
People were just starting to regain their footing after the catastrophe. I didn't want panic to spread, so I suppressed the reports and told the Security Department to investigate in secret.
However, as you can see, it's hard to keep secrets in a sardine can like this.
Rebuilding trust is harder than establishing it in the first place... I'm concerned someone's pulling strings to sway public opinion.
Anyway, the most important thing is to get to the bottom of the disappearances.
That's okay, but thank you for the offer. Aren't you helping Madam Herta with something already?
By the way, I heard about the thing ■■■ mentioned, and I'll look into it, too. I'll find a way to solve the problem for the space station.
By the way, I heard about the thing ■■■ mentioned, and I'll look into it, too. I'll find a way to solve the problem for the space station.
By the way, I heard about the thing Emily mentioned, and I'll look into it, too. I'll find a way to solve the problem for the space station.
Don't worry. We're just ticking the boxes to understand what happened. You don't really think we suspect you, right?
Mr. Ratio, it's because...
...I agreed for Mr. Ratio to become involved in this, I should consider him one of us.
Huh? But there are no signs of a fire anywhere in the space station...
This is...
Jepella Brotherhood... I've heard that name somewhere...
If we did that, we'd be at a disadvantage... I'll stay here and try to contain the news as best I can. Please investigate the issue quickly.
You're back.
I've been monitoring the Dark Web — I barely managed to stop the video from spreading. The incident hasn't grown any bigger — for now. How are things with you?
Adler also...
Distasteful discussion?
...
It was all a premeditated trap to stir up chaos on the space station!
Th—This...
What do you mean?
It's a special time — all departments are preparing to welcome distinguished guests from the Genius Society.
Madam Ruan Mei doesn't like fanfare and probably wouldn't appreciate a crowd to welcome her, so I asked the researchers to keep things simple.
I heard Miss Ruan Mei likes snacks and pastries, so I asked the researchers to prepare some traditional desserts from the Blue. All of them seemed to tickle her fancy.
Miss Ruan Mei is the very image of a scholar. I heard she once took a little vacation on a desert planet. By the time she left, she'd miraculously created a boom in the local ecology!
I'm not sure, but she doesn't seem to get around much. She spends most of her time between the master control zone and the railway platform. Maybe you can start your search there?
It's you! Thanks for helping out on the station.
Did you encounter some problems?
If a space telescope were deployed at this location on the Express, it would almost certainly be possible to observe shorter wavelengths...
Mm, feels like a good angle.
Sure do! Y'know, I was racking my brains before I boarded the Express, but now I've got more ideas than I know what to do with. Inspiration is a fickle mistress.
My thesis might just be related to the Express... I hope you'll agree to be interviewed later — I need first-hand information.
That's why I went into vacation mode the second I boarded the Express — thesis topics don't unearth themselves y'know.
...Of course, there are other things in life too.
That's not a bad idea.
Looking forward to it!
If shorter wavelengths could be observed, it'd make for a good thesis... But that's not the focus of today.
That's not a bad idea.
Looking forward to it!
There are quite a few curios on the Express that I've only seen in the catalogs, though I'll need to see them up close before I believe them...
I'm guessing that's one of the prototype synthesizers. There may be a curio code on its base.
"Omni" makes it sound pretty capable, but the Corporation released other models onto the market first. Know why?
Well, why make "omni" money when you can make ordinary money first~?
Oh, I don't think that's a curio.
It's amazing how many songs are stored in its library. Someone must have paid big money to get all the copyright issues sorted.
Hmm... there's something weird about that sofa over there...
Perhaps it has its own set of authorization mechanisms, and only those it recognizes are permitted to sit on it.
Interesting... I'll have to have a closer look some time.
Huh... there's something strange about that sofa.
Perhaps it has its own set of authorization mechanisms, and only those it recognizes are permitted to sit on it.
Interesting... I'll have to have a closer look some time.
This must be ancient... Is the Express crew still using it?
Indeed it has.
Oh, nothing. It's just you don't see things like this every day.
Phonographs...They use vinyl records, right? There's only a handful of folks on the space station who collect those things.
I think they're more popular with the older crowd — I bet Gunn would know how to use them. Still, if I remember correctly, Gunn only listens to audio tapes...
Same as you guys — on terminals.
About music? I'd say I'm more of a casual listener than a hardcore enthusiast.
Huh... What with them being so big and heavy, I used to wonder why anyone would ever buy a Phonograph. Think I'm starting to get it now.
It's hard to find the music you want on the streaming platforms managed by the IPC. I, for one, had to subscribe to at least a dozen of them.
It's not like they're expensive or anything. It's just a hassle to switch between them to find the song you like. With a Phonograph, it's essentially just plug-and-play. It also scratches the itch to collect things I guess.
That thing is ancient... It's amazing you guys are still using it.
Huh... What with them being so big and heavy, I used to wonder why anyone would ever buy a Phonograph. Think I'm starting to get it now.
It's hard to find the music you want on the streaming platforms managed by the IPC. I, for one, had to subscribe to at least a dozen of them.
It's not like they're expensive or anything. It's just a hassle to switch between them to find the song you like. With a Phonograph, it's essentially just plug-and-play. It also scratches the itch to collect things I guess.
I finally managed to get some time off work and thought I'd hop on the Express for a chat with Himeko. I had no idea I'd bump into you...
That's not what I'm saying! I just thought you'd be on an adventure somewhere, that's all.
Sadly, I can't. Too much work on the space station.
Y'know, whenever the Express stops at the station platform, I make a point of getting a few visits in.
I will say, the train feels a little different now...
It's almost as if you joining the crew has given everyone an extra boost of energy...
...And this might sound a little strange, but that's how I felt when I first met you, hehe. Anyway, whichever way you slice it, it's always nice to bump into a friend.
I didn't expect to bump into you...
Y'know, whenever the Express stops at the station platform, I make a point of getting a few visits in.
I will say, the train feels a little different now...
It's almost as if you joining the crew has given everyone an extra boost of energy...
If I get the chance, I'd love to bring my telescope onto the Express.
Not an observatory-sized one, haha. I've got a portable one — it can be disassembled and reassembled super easily.
It's got a small base, but it's stable enough to get the job done. I used to love stargazing with it when I was a child.
Yes, and no.
There are all kinds of wonders in the universe — you never know what you might find with a telescope.
The lighting on the Express is perfect for observations. Great views at the windows too.
And if you're feeling a little tired, lie down on the seats instead. The universe is fascinating from every angle.
There's no better place for looking out into the stars than the Express. I envy you guys.
And if you're feeling a little tired, lie down on the seats instead. The universe is fascinating from every angle.
There's no better place for looking out into the stars than the Express. I envy you guys.
Don't look so worried! I'm not throwing you another mission.
You were a great help to folks on the space station — my job was so much easier with you around.
I was due a visit, so I thought I'd bring you a gift. Nothing too precious, just my way of saying thank you!
If you're ever free to visit the space station, please come check in on us. We all miss you.
You were a great help to folks on the space station — my job was so much easier with you around.
Now that things have settled down, I finally have time to pay the Express a visit.
If you're ever free to visit the space station, please come check in on us. We all miss you.
Hey, you two! Long time no see. Congrats on your win, by the way.
Oh stop, there's no need to be so polite with me~
Seems like you two are really starting to click!
If it were up to me, you two would be loaded right now.
Aww, this little one is still bursting with personality!
No need to make it sound so serious!
...As Miss Topaz said, I'm here to talk about this Aether Spirit with you.
You already know its story, so I won't go into too much detail. My main reason for being here is merely to witness your decision.
That's right — your choice. This cute little trotter, despite its charm, is essentially just data to me — a collector's piece...
...but unlike you two, I haven't had the chance to embark on adventures, fight side by side, and experience highs and lows with them. It wouldn't be right for me to make this decision for you.
I don't want you to feel burdened by this choice... You don't need to worry about my feelings, just go with what your heart tells you.
Ultimately, this little trotter is your companion, and now they're a part of your journey.
Very well... Decision made.
Very well... Decision made.
I've kept you waiting, Mr. Aventurine. This way please, let us speak in private.
Please be at ease, I have instructed Miss Alley to resolve the system error as soon as possible. I have also upgraded your rooms as token compensation. Please wait a moment for the hotel to arrange for suitable accommodation.
Mr. Aventurine has an appointment with the Oak Family, and has checked in prior. On his behalf, I extend his apologies to everyone of the Astral Express, and wish for an amicable partnership moving forward.
Please rest assured that The Family will personally undertake communications to handle this. It is only right that we — as the actual administrators — relieve you of any problems during your visit in Penacony.
I apologize for taking up everyone's precious time, and we shan't keep you any longer. If you need anything else while in Penacony, The Family stands ready to serve.
Seems like our guest here hasn't gotten used to the transition. Fret not, feeling a sense of weightlessness is normal for new visitors.
Robin, please guide our friend in getting more comfortable with the new environment.
Relax. Just did some tuning on you with the resonance of the Harmony to allow you to control your limbs freely in the Dreamscape.
Essentially, the dream of Penacony is a world formed by memoria. Only by fully understanding its nature can you move freely within it.
It's like learning to swim — it's easy to sink at first when you aren't accustomed to the water, but once you get the hang of it you can float and swim on the surface effortlessly.
Thanks for the compliment. In fact, we don't really have an in-depth understanding of the memoria.
Indeed. But still, we don't really have an in-depth understanding of the memoria.
Theoretically, you can, but it would be very difficult to pull off. After all, we don't really have an in-depth understanding of the memoria yet.
Unless you're one of the Memokeepers of the Garden of Recollection, it can be difficult at first to manipulate the memoria as you wish. But once you've been tuned by the Harmony, you can use the same laws of physics from the real world to understand how the dream world works.
Oops... I've fallen into my professional habits again. I just can't seem to shake off this urge to be a know-it-all.
...
...Welcome back. How's your preparation for the performance coming?
"It's fine"?
Hmm, this is not good... You're the pride of The Family. Don't let those unnecessary emotions affect your perfect pitch.
Yes, I received the report that... "Death" had taken some of them. Perhaps someone was behind it.
Ah, I'm sorry. I forgot you just came back. You probably wouldn't know about it.
Somehow, a nightmare called "Death" has descended upon Penacony, striking indiscriminately, bringing spiritual death to all equally...
In the utopian dreamscape envisioned by The Family, such sorrowful incidents shouldn't arise. It profoundly undermines the equilibrium and serenity of the dreamscape... How detestable.
Yes. There were two. One was a stowaway, the other...
...was you.
That's enough Fool. Your deeds have saddened me.
The Odes of Harmony talks about honesty — "The words of a fool begins with foolishness and end in treacherous arrogance"...
...Please leave. THEIR dreamscape doesn't welcome you.
It's not yet time. When the fated day arrives, I shall mete out justice with unyielding righteousness.
The Family has a plan, and do not dishonor my dear sister with your deceitful tongue again, Fool.
There's no need. The malefactor has been exposed under THEIR radiant gaze and will soon fall by their own machinations.
Should the transgressor fail to turn away from this path, THEIR sword will be honed, THEIR bow strung, causing the malevolence the perpetrator spreads to befall them.
When that time comes, the heathen will realize they are but a mere mortal, doomed to descend into the netherworld.
...And I will join THEIR vanguard to announce this {RUBY_B#funeral}good news{RUBY_E#} to you personally, "Watchmaker."
It seems my puzzles are too effortless for you, IPC Ambassador.
Well, this isn't an invitation, but a summoning. Before we speak, I need to test your character.
I imagine this knowledgeable doctor friend of yours has been of great help, yes?
Yes, the doctor has assured me of your noble character. He considers you, like himself, a virtuous person who can be trusted by The Family.
I have come to know you very well as a person, Mr. Aventurine. You're diligent, generous, and willing to cooperate. The fact that you succeeded in overcoming many obstacles just to meet me gave me the reason to believe in your wisdom and courage.
But there's one thing I must ask you — that is, you've used your wisdom at the wrong place to meet the wrong person and put yourself in a situation where you shouldn't be... witnessing a {RUBY_B#Robin's Case}tragedy{RUBY_E#} that shouldn't have happened.
If I wasn't mistaken, you'd just made a serious accusation against The Family.
I'm immensely honored by your concern for me Mr. Aventurine — since you're so selfless and generous, I believe you wouldn't ask for anything in return, would you?
The box in which the Cornerstone is stored.
Cornerstone — I've heard it's a treasured asset of the Strategic Investment Department, a sacred stone that seals the "Preservation" Emanator, granting significant power, and every {RUBY_B#Ten Stonehearts}Liquidation Specialist{RUBY_E#} holds one.
...For an object so precious, it probably comes at an even higher price than other forms of recompense.
Mr. Aventurine, when you're out and about, do you always make adjustments to your appearance? Your tie should be on the center line, your shirt must not protrude from your vest, your trouser creases should be perfectly straight, and always aligned with the tips of your shoes.
But I don't, because it's not appropriate to do so in public — you should make sure everything is presentable and in order before leaving the house.
I'm not the kind that takes risks. The Cornerstone must be in the custody of The Family.
Please don't let me turn you down twice.
You compromised quicker than I thought. Unfortunately, it's a gambler that needs a bargaining chip... not a merchant. I can give you your gift money, but before that, I want you to tell me —
— The fact that you can decisively forsake the box you asked for, what exactly is stored in it?
"Oh, Triple-Faced Soul, please sear his tongue and palms with a hot iron, so that he will not be able to fabricate lies and make false vows."
Under the light of the Harmony, all wickedness is revealed. I implore THEM to shed THEIR light, and I'll ask you questions on THEIR behalf. Next... you have 113 seconds to prove your innocence and gain my trust.
You can try — and we'll see if the Harmony rejects you.
"Question: Do you own a Cornerstone?"
What a simple answer. You, too, understand that idle chatter leads only to poverty.
"Did you hand over the Cornerstone to The Family when you entered Penacony?"
"Does the Cornerstone you handed over to The Family belong to you?"
"Is your Cornerstone in this room right now?"
"Is your memory free from any kind of tampering or deletion, encompassing but not restricted to the techniques of the Garden of Recollection?"
"Are you an Avgin from Sigonia?"
"Do the Avgins have any ability to read, tamper with, or manipulate one's own or another's mind?"
"Do you love your family more than yourself?"
"All the Avgins were killed in a massacre. Am I right?"
"Are you your clan's sole survivor?"
"...Do you hate and wish to destroy this world with your own hands?"
Interesting. Now, the final question...
"Can you swear that at this very moment, the Aventurine stone is safe and sound in this box?"
Looks like we can get an answer.
Open it, Mr. Aventurine... It's your last chance to defend your honor.
Since you came as promised, learned Doctor... Does this mean that you are willing to take the side of The Family in this farce?
I've heard you haven't enjoyed Mr. Aventurine's company. I also understand that you're an avid learner who sees the pursuit of knowledge above all.
If you agree to assist The Family, I'll share our research findings on the Stellaron. You must be quite aware that, besides The Family, no other faction is willing to share such information.
I need Mr. Aventurine's comprehensive plan.
But I've also heard the {RUBY_B#Ten Stonehearts}ten elites{RUBY_E#} in the Strategic Investment Department have united, progressing together in the interests of the IPC.
The Cornerstone which Mr. Aventurine surrendered — was it really his?
But you know that he's a crazed gambler. The more vocal he is about it, the more cautious I must be.
I appreciate it.
...
Ha, the golden stone. Its color and glow are similar to that of Qlipoth's body.
Not at the moment. I'm more interested to know the location of his Cornerstone.
I see, this bag... Mixing a Cornerstone, more precious than life itself, with a bunch of worthless jewels, disguised as a gift of money waiting to be confiscated, is indeed in line with {RUBY_B#Gambler}Mr. Aventurine{RUBY_E#}'s style
Learned Doctor, I'm grateful for your help. The Family will surely reward a righteous person like you.
As for the villain... I hope he retreats in humiliation.
It was all thanks to your friend with a keen eye that I could add a blot of utter failure to your storied career.
Finally shown your true colors, heh. Oh, and just to remind you: you currently only have seventeen system hours left to live. Treasure your remaining time, and savor the delectable aftertaste of defeat.
What I performed on you just now was the Harmony's consecration. You were to show allegiance beneath the illumination of THEIR grace, yet you acted willfully, uttering nothing but falsehoods, transforming the consecration into a trial. I genuinely see no reason to absolve you from it.
You misunderstand, Mr. Aventurine. Punishment is meant for the irreverent, but I have seen your resilient spirit, and thus I offer you the possibility of a new beginning.
Throughout these seventeen system hours, you will be unable to escape the Dreamscape or contact any of your companions. You only have two paths before you, and it all depends on whether you can complete my test within the time limit.
Should you succeed, you will be able to coalesce into the Harmony and be with your Family. If you fail, you will suffer the wrath of the {RUBY_B#Embodiment of Harmony}Eternal Centurion{RUBY_E#} and fall into an abyss of doom.
I indeed do need a servant to help me uncover the evil hidden in The Family from an external perspective. I will purge the evil from the inside and bring the real culprits to justice within seventeen system hours.
When the time comes, compare your findings with mine. If both our findings align, or if you can provide me more insights...... then THEY will truly be able to grant you mercy and honesty.
This is meant to be an act of personal virtue, not requiring The Family's support. Your bag is over there, do as you please. I believe you can trade this bag of worthless jewels for everything you need. That's what gamblers excel at, isn't it?
Off you go, Mr. Aventurine. You are free. I will wait here for your good news.
Why would I do that, Mr. Aventurine? I'm just wondering what a passerby who stumbled upon a scene of murder could have found out, that's all.
By the way, before you go, I have a personal question.
You...
...Do you truly wish to bring about the destruction of this world?
I don't think trespassing on forbidden areas is the way to be a guest, Mr. Yang, and...
...Acheron, the Galaxy Ranger?
But even if there's no one to greet you, you should wait for the host, don't you agree?
Even without the famous Galaxy Ranger... as far as I know, the Crew has officially accepted The Family's commission, so coming here will be unnecessary for you.
...Well, since you've come with goodwill, I have no reason to show you the door.
While the truth remains a mystery, I'm getting close to it. I assure you that the traitor will soon pay the price.
Well, other Family heads share the same suspicions as you, but in my opinion, the true murderer would never have drawn as much attention as that ambassador did... Not to mention I personally shackled him a while ago.
However, I'll give you a suggestion regarding your suspicions, Mr. Yang. You should be more cautious of Aventurine... While the wicked can't break through high walls, they can plunge their evil dagger into the heart of the righteous.
He's a businessman, not some philanthropist. But right now, he's out there handing out his wealth on the streets, and he went to the Clock Studios Theme Park all by himself. Who knows what kind of scheme he's cooking up...?
While The Family is dedicated to keeping our guests safe, it might be wise for you to stay alert.
You never know... what unexpected troubles could arise.
By the way, before you go, I have a personal question.
You... do you truly want to destroy the world with your own hands?
You're so funny, Mr. Security Officer. I hope that sense of humor of yours has helped you find the serial killer.
Mr. Gallagher, my patience is wearing thin. Neglecting duties...
...will only make me more suspicious that you and the real serial killer are connected.
I don't need you to remind me. Once that ambassador walks through the doors of the mansion, I will know what he wants. My servants see everything. His little magic tricks may have fooled me, but no matter, I'm happy to see how it's turned out.
Why do you think that I just let him go? And why do you think I emptied the theme park stage?
Because my target from the beginning has always been you, Hound. The more noise he makes, the more opportunities I have to make you and your {RUBY_B#The Watchmaker}true master{RUBY_E#} pay in blood!
...Looks like your disguise has helped you successfully understand every facet of The Family.
...
Indeed, every part of you is real. The brown hair, soft and curly like {RUBY_B#Dreamscape Producer}Benny's{RUBY_E#}; the orange eyes, which make me miss the gaze of {RUBY_B#Head of the Nightingale Family}Sir Whittaker{RUBY_E#}; that odd scar, the mark of {RUBY_B#Head Bloodhound Guard}Woolsey{RUBY_E#}...
And the gray vest, tie, Hound Emblem, bottle, the bartending and your role as a security officer... These are all true traits...
...from all fifty-two loyal Family members.
When they are gathered, countless tiny truths are woven together into a lie — you collected a small piece of each of them and claimed them for yourself. Then you invented this facade, a complete Gallagher...
...Tell me I'm wrong, minion of the Enigmata.
This proves that you and the Memory Zone Meme "Death" are linked — and that's enough.
Listen up. I don't care how you did it... I only care about one thing, the answer to a question...
...You devil! You wretched, despicable dog, why did you kill her!?
Looks like a fledgling Charmony Dove.
But Charmony Doves don't live here. So how did this little bird get here? Maybe its parents abandoned it?
This place is too dangerous for a fledgling. Let's take it with us — we can put it on the wooden shelf in front of your window.
I'll ask the family head to build a cage for it.
I think she's right... but if we leave it out in the wild, it won't survive for more than a few days at best.
I...
I think people believe birds are meant to fly because... they've never seen those birds crashing to their death.
For now... I'll keep it in a cage until it can take care of itself because...
I... I want it to live, no matter what.
Yeah, but Mr. Gopher Wood, there's one thing I don't quite understand...
What if this little Charmony Dove never learns to fly in the end?
I mean, if there are fledglings in this world that can never fly throughout their lives...
Should we let them go back to the sky... only to see them crash to the ground and die?
...
I'm still alive?
...Where is Robin? Tell me. Now.
If you wanted to kill me, you wouldn't give me the chance to speak... Just tell me your demands, lackey of the Watchmaker.
Choice?
Cooperate? What makes you think I'd cooperate with you?
I find it hard to believe a man who's full of deception.
...
...Show me Robin first.
What's your trick this time?
Robin...
...
It... is the Penacony Grand Theater itself.
As for the person who employed its power... It is in fact Mr. Gopher Wood, the current Dreammaster.
Correct. When I was trying to track down the person who murdered my sister, apart from you... Gopher Wood was my second suspect.
I didn't have other options. The Dreammaster has been elusive, and even the heads of the Families can hardly get an audience with him.
Moreover... Mr. Gopher Wood has been kind to my sister and me, and I didn't want it all to end like this.
Indeed... for the paradise in our dreams.
As the head of the Oak Family, I'm responsible for ensuring Penacony's promising future. Robin and I will head into the sweet dream and confront the Dreammaster, and if it turns out that The Family has truly strayed from the Harmony...
I'll fight alongside you. We'll put the Charmony Festival on hold and make sure Mr. Gopher Wood pays for his blood debt.
Thank you, Mr. Yang.
The Charmony Festival is about to start, and time is against us. We must hasten.
...There's no need for words. You're safe, and that's all that matters.
"When I appeared as a child, my speech, mindset, and soul reflected immaturity and innocence."
"As I grew into adulthood, I left behind my childlike side."
Come to me, my Kinship. I have sought THEIR presence with us.
Do you sincerely repent and vow to change your ways?
Have you examined your soul and confessed all your sins?
Are you willing to accept the process of atonement?
Very well. Show your dedication and goodwill to The Family, and you shall be reinstated among them. Now, please leave in peace.
...Next. Please step forward.
Rest assured. I have implored THEIR presence to be with us. As long as you are sincere, absolution will be granted.
I see... Please go on.
The Family is ready to forgive all sinners. I'll ask the Bloodhound Family to cease their pursuit. You don't need to live in fear anymore.
...Next. Please step forward.
...I have sought THEIR presence with us. Let us proceed.
Do you... seek to atone for your sins through good deeds?
...
O, revered Triple-Faced Soul, hear my doubts...
Who can judge the strong when their power hides their crimes?
Who can vouch for the weak when they will pay any price to survive?
Who can comfort the purest souls when even they get led astray?
If "the strong defending the weak" is truly the foundation of paradise...
...then who is responsible for the suffering and anguish in this wretched world?
...I'm fine. I've been working long hours, and I just made a trip to Dreamflux Reef and back... So I'm a bit out of sorts. But it'll all be over before we know it.
Hehe, no need to worry about troubling anyone. The Charmony Festival was meant to spread joy and harmony across the Cosmos. But now that we know the truth, I'm afraid we'll have to cancel it.
The Dreammaster rarely grants an audience — even for us. But given the urgency of the situation, he's agreed to meet us in person.
Indeed — let us hope so.
Looks like someone needs help... let's go check it out.
I heard a raven cawing in the distance... It seems the Dreammaster will arrive soon.
The moon... You mean the Grand Theater?
Oh, it's nothing, sir. You see, the traffic on Glaux Avenue can be dangerous. How about I ask a Bloodhound Family member to escort you to Aideen Park over there so you can continue enjoying your sweet dream?
Seems like that guest's perspective didn't resonate with you either.
What you're trying to say is... she thinks she's in control of her life, but in reality, she's just escaping from reality and seeking solace in this sweet dream. Once she steps out of this sanctuary, everything will be lost.
However, the paradise in our dreams... it doesn't have to end.
That's precisely why this sweet dream in Penacony exists.
There will be a way out. Penacony is already on the right track.
What's up, sister?
I suppose you have a point... but in my opinion, that's how most people live their lives.
You think that man is not actually "living", but that's not quite accurate. Even without Penacony, people create their own illusions called "self-value."
People believe they have a predetermined value to fulfill. Gaining value means gaining power, and those deemed worthless are seen as the weak.
However, value doesn't come out of thin air, and there's a limit to it. To accumulate value, people have to take from others. So, the weak get exploited and oppressed...
Exactly, but ironically, people don't think there's anything wrong with it, because they uphold the illusory notion of self-value, and even the weak believe in it.
Survival of the fittest... that's where all the tragedies in the world come from. People come to the sweet dream in Penacony to escape from that reality and find solace.
No tragedies exist here, only happiness, although in its nascent form. Isn't that the same paradise we yearn for in our dreams?
Yes, seeing is believing. I'll accompany you. The Dreammaster hasn't shown up yet, so we have some time for a stroll.
Show yourself. Your trick won't work on us.
That was a personal request from the head of the Iris Family, and it has nothing to do with us. Step aside and stop causing trouble for the Charmony Festival.
...Stop it!
But here's the thing. If there are birds in this world that can never fly, can we really assert that they belong in the sky?
Let's take the Astral Express as an example. The Nameless made tremendous efforts to bridge worlds, gaining fame across the universe... However, only a few extraordinary individuals can endure such a perilous journey.
That's because the pursuit of the Trailblaze exceeds the capabilities of ordinary humans. Otherwise, why would this Path be filled with broken rails, an abandoned Express, and even a fallen {RUBY_B#Akivili}Aeon{RUBY_E#}?
Unfortunately, that's exactly what happens. Another name for "the future" is "self-value."
While this world has its fair share of heroes who inspire people and garner admiration for their heroic deeds, the majority of ordinary people will never become heroes in their lifetime.
Some are born weak and vulnerable, some find themselves trapped in unfortunate circumstances, some fall victim to malice and cowardice. When it comes to survival, everyone is equal, and the weak can only watch as their {RUBY_B#future}value{RUBY_E#} gets constantly diminished by external forces.
While the Harmony holds noble aspirations, the strong will always be strong, and the weak will always be weak, even in this carefree dream... Human nature contains greatness, but it also harbors inherent weaknesses that can't be eradicated.
In the end, if people can't even secure their own survival, they won't care about the illusory future of equality. As long as the law of survival of the fittest prevails... there will always be fledglings crashing to their death.
...
People often forget that when the first bird took flight, the entire world envisioned a future where...
No more fledglings would ever crash to their death.
Maybe you'll have to become a star first.
Let's wait here for the Dreammaster to arrive.
Well, someone has to stay awake even in this sweet dream.
Remember the old man we met earlier? Without this dream, he might have completely lost himself.
Well, don't forget this... not everyone really has a future.
The future for humanity is like the sky for birds. People mistakenly believe that flight is inherent to birds because they've never witnessed those birds crashing to their death.
Do you remember how we took in that little Charmony Dove when we were young?
Well, I didn't mention what happened to it in my letters, because I didn't want to upset you.
Shortly after you left, it crashed to its death right in front of your window.
I will do as you command.
"Oh, Triple-Faced Soul, please sear his tongue and palms with a hot iron, so that he will not be able to fabricate lies and make false vows."
Understood.
"Question: Have you devoted your life to your God, never worshiping other Gods?"
"Do you love your God as you do yourself, always heeding THEIR admonishments?"
"Have you strayed from the path expected by your God, betraying THEIR name?"
"Have you ever been inordinate with your asks of your God, coveting more than the foundation of the creation itself?"
Then, a final question...
"Do you swear to fulfill all vows, past, present and future?"
...THEY have seen your faith, and have endorsed your faith. With this, it can be evidenced—
What is it, Mr. Yang?
Sorry, Robin, it's just you... I did not wish for you to know this. It's a pity that things have turned out this way.
We were never children of the Harmony. Our ideal paradise... could not have been crafted by Xipe. True bliss can only be guaranteed by the "one" who transcends the many.
Within the foundation of law, humanity establishes civilization...
And through Harmony, we obtain Order.
I, on behalf of the organizers, extend my sincere congratulations to you, wishing you joy under THEIR radiance.
*laughs* Your endeavors are worthy of extra recognition, and I've taken steps to ensure that. However, this reward is not a material one... but rather the opportunity for an open and honest communication between us.
As previously promised, my sister, Mr. Yang, and I have met with the Dreammaster. We delved into the truth about Penacony and its Stellaron, and have come to a consensus—
Both I and the Oak Family cannot acquiesce to your request.
We acknowledge the perspective of you Nameless — Penacony does require change, but not as you propose. The Planet of Festivities cannot and will not revert to a place characterized by chaos, disorder, or anarchy.
Through your journey of overcoming obstacles, you must have glimpsed the essence of that era: the vulnerable ruthlessly eliminated, equality non-existent, commonfolk living precarious lives, eking out a dreary existence...
Ultimately, only "heroes" like yourselves manage to achieve success.
A dystopia for the survival of the fittest, or a Sweetdream Paradise for all?
Ah, Navigator, that is precisely my intention. With all present, let's begin by discussing the details of that meeting.
Let's talk about our tribulations and choices, our ideals and beliefs...
And our final course of action, the only path to take.
Don't worry. I just gave them some time alone to ponder their fates.
Should we need to stand against the Nameless, it would only be myself and the Oak family involved. But we haven't reached that point yet, have we?
Your efforts for the justice of Penacony are evident to everyone and have been widely observed.
Smart kid. You're just as sharp as the other one.
Patience is a virtue. However, I won't hold it against you. On the contrary, I'm here to make my intentions clear.
Oh I intend to, but that hinges on the outcome of this negotiation.
You're mistaken, Miss Himeko. They are in very safe hands, and just as The Family has always proclaimed — no one can be harmed in the Dreamscape, least of all in the beautiful new world belonging to the Order.
Penacony and the entire universe have witnessed far too much innocent bloodshed. The strong wield their blades against the weak, and the victors push the vanquished to the brink of life...
Natural selection — the world abides by this principle, establishing the well-being of humanity atop the corpses of the downtrodden. Only {RUBY_B#Pathstriders of Order}we{RUBY_E#}, or rather I, possess the power to put an end to this farce.
If Miss Himeko is interested, let's draw back the veil and speak candidly. I've always firmly believed that people can understand one another through peaceful means.
I'm willing to divulge the unembellished truth as to the intentions of the Order's Pathstriders, so that you will make better judgment for the Astral Express, for Penacony, and for this stretch of the universe. Words can hardly do justice to the beauty of that ideal...
So come with me, everyone. Let us retrace our steps and see once again where this road leads.
Welcome. This isn't any location in Penacony's Dreamscape. It's my inner world. The reason the scenery before you remains unchanged is because your consciousness has drawn on similar concepts to fill in the gaps.
Tuning allows you to intuitively grasp my feelings, which also means that I cannot hide anything from you.
Now, everyone, please look at the huge screen. The road we once took begins here.
From this point on, you will witness the numerous decisions I've faced. I've selected a portion of these to share with you.
I believe after going through similar predicaments, you'll be able to better understand my thoughts.
Let's begin. The first decision: a story about a baby bird.
This story happened when Robin and I were very young. We were victims of the Stellaron Disaster, and The Family's Mr. Gopher Wood — who would later become the Dreammaster of Penacony — saw that we siblings had no one to turn to and took us in.
Later on, Robin and I lived a time with nary a care in the world. One day, after dinner, while my younger sister and I were lounging about in Mr. Gopher Wood's yard, we spotted a fledgling Charmony Dove all on its own.
That baby bird was tiny, it didn't even have all of its feathers, and it couldn't sing. When we found it, it was already on its last breath, having fallen into a shrub — probably abandoned by its parents.
We decided to build a nest for it right there and then. However, thinking back, that winter was unusually cold, with fierce winds at night in the yard, not to mention the many poisonous bugs and wild beasts in the vicinity...
It was clear that if we left the fledgling in the yard, it stood no chance of surviving until spring. So, I suggested we take it inside, place it on the shelf by the window, and asked the adults to fashion a cage for it.
We decided that when it regained its strength enough to spread its wings, we would release it back into the wild. The tragic part — something that we'd never considered — was that this bird's fate had already been determined long before this moment...
Its destiny was determined by our momentary whim.
Now, I pass the power of choice to you all. Faced with this situation, what choice would you make?
Stick to the original plan, and build a nest with soft net where the Charmony Dove fell?
Or build a cage for it, and feed it, giving it the utmost care from within the warmth of a home?
I eagerly await your answer.
Interesting. Since you've made up your mind, allow me to reveal what fate this choice will bring to the fledgling.
From what I've observed, there are at least three predators in that yard that prey on small birds: the Vossickle Scorpion, Asdana Wolverine, and the Huntington Winged-Snake...
Even if they shy away from humans, these animals are still near-apex predators in a fenced location like a yard. In such a location, only one fate awaits that little Charmony Dove: a painful death.
As for the choice you made... I am deeply sorry. Now, let us advance to the second decision. This time... it's the story of a Dreamchaser.
I'm happy to see that you made a choice similar to ours. If your mind is made up, let me reveal the outcome of this choice.
We passionately nursed it back to health, preparing only the best food for it every day. We even preened its feathers. Later, on the day that Robin left Penacony, we opened the cage door and let it fly back into the sky.
I watched it for a long while by the window, probably about three or so days. In those three long days, the little Charmony Dove tried again and again to spread its wings to fly into the sky, but fell to the ground... only to keep trying.
Finally, on the hundred and thirty-seventh attempt, it succeeded. But its attempt did not go perfectly... After flying unsteadily for a while, it fell to the ground, unable to grasp the direction of the air currents.
The fall shattered its wings. It writhed helplessly in my embrace, but it was all for naught, finally succumbing to a painful demise. And in that instant, our tender care, our given love and hopes... they all became the inevitable push that sent it to its death.
I deeply regret the choices we made... Next, let us head to the second decision. This time... it's the story of a Dreamchaser.
This story happened when I was appointed as Bronze Melodia — a position exclusive to the Oak Family, charged with listening to the problems and vexations of Dreamscape residents, and providing them with the relevant guidance.
It was during that period that I had the opportunity to hear voices from all corners of the Dreamscape: joy, sorrow, arrogance, regret... The complex tapestry of human nature that formed the world, and I was fortunate to catch a glimpse of it.
He was a Dreamchaser, and an illegal stowaway. Just like the rest of them, he came to Penacony in search of a better life, except that, to most people, the price he paid... I suppose you could say it was "everything".
He told me "I sold everything I could at home." — the house, the land, even his two children... He said he could not afford to raise them, and that at least they could eat if they lived as slaves.
He had a plan in place: he would buy back his children once he had made his fortune, and enjoy Penacony's beautiful dream with them. Alas, his plan to smuggle himself was somewhat clumsy — and he was sniffed out by those pigheaded Hounds.
After hearing the Dreamchaser's story, I immediately appealed to the Bloodhound Family to cease their pursuit. That way, at least he could live peacefully. But I was still too naive to the ways of the world — I did not anticipate that what I thought was a kind gesture would later lead to dire consequences...
I'll tell you the outcome soon. For now, I'd like you all to make a choice—
Will you do as I did, and try to convince the Bloodhound Family to stop their pursuit, so that the Dreamchaser may live peacefully and realize his wishes?
Or will you remain silent, leaving him to languish while the Hounds are hot on his heels, until his inevitable judgment arrives?
I look forward to everyone's decisions. Who knows, perhaps they might even alter the outcome of this tragedy.
It seems you, like me, are pondering whether a different choice could have led to a better outcome. Sadly, his fate would only be more tragic.
Say he never gets caught, he would only die from delirium. The methods with which illegal stowaways enter dreams are unorthodox, not flawless like the hotel's. Living in the Dreamscape would be a mere pipe dream.
Should he be apprehended, could the Hounds afford to turn a blind eye? The answer is a definitive no. They couldn't bear the resulting consequences, and thus, wouldn't dare extend a helping hand.
As to your choice, I once again offer my heartfelt apologies. Next comes the third and final decision—
And the story this time... is my own.
I'm honored to witness you arriving at the same decision. Out of respect, I'll share with you the dire consequences that my choice back then brought about.
First, the outcome: He attained major success. After avoiding capture, he ran a business for a few years, very quickly making a name for himself, elevating his status. He might not have become a tycoon like Old Oti, but he was considered a character of excellent repute.
Now then, did he realize the wish he set out to achieve? No. The last time I saw him was in the real world, where the Hounds were going to permanently exile him, and I was the accompanying Bronze Melodia. The mission was simple: listen to the criminal's repentance.
He told me the reason he was in this predicament was because he conspired to usurp the head of the Alfalfa Family. When I asked him about his two children, he instead responded with a question: "What children?"
In the end, my heart aligned with the Harmony, and the good deed I dared to undertake held no value, turning instead into a wrongdoing. It created a lamentable oppressor and countless oppressed individuals...
As to your choice, I once again offer my heartfelt apologies. Next comes the third and final decision—
And the story this time... is my own.
This story happened the day I was appointed the Oak Family Head. At that time, Mr. Gopher Wood was the current Dreammaster, and as per his wish, we had a private conversation.
What surprised me was that the Dreammaster had only come to deliver a letter to me. He let me read its contents. It was a letter... from my sister.
The letter contained the usual pleasantries, anecdotes from her travels — nothing out of the ordinary. Just as I started wondering how this letter related to our discussion, the Dreammaster began to speak.
"My sister, of course. But why would you personally visit me to hand me a letter from my sister containing mere trivialities?"
"From what the letter indicates... She must be in Kasbelina-VIII, correct? She's touring there right now..."
"A stray bullet? What..."
"Is she alright?!"
"Those... damned savages! I'll pack my bags right away... My gratitude for bringing this to my attention, Mr. Gopher Wood!"
Now, you understand why she always wears such elaborate neck ornaments, don't you?
It's all in the past, so please don't worry. I share this in the meager hope that you will understand the Harmony's limitations and predicament. As grandiose as "the strong defending the weak" sounds, many times, it is nothing more than wishful thinking.
Likewise, I've prepared one last question, one last choice. But rest assured, this choice will not have any grave consequences.
Because this is merely a figment of imagination, a nightmare that has haunted me through countless nights. If you ever had the opportunity to make a choice like I did...
Would you still support Robin's journey on the path of Harmony?
Heh... I see.
I am now aware of everyone's stances.
Raising these questions merely serves to illustrate one point: The plight of Penacony cannot be salvaged by the Harmony. The true foundation for a Sweetdream Paradise can only be established through the Order where the strong govern the weak.
I know the suffering of being tormented, the turmoil of losing your way, how sorrow... and even despair, set in when matters don't work out. All of this causes me unending pain, because this is not what "happiness" is at all.
We must teach the weak how to live a happy life. And this life isn't some noble propriety that the upper crust preaches, but in definitive terms, a way of survival that belongs to everyone.
Good question. Human consciousness is fundamentally an illusion, a cage known as "self-worth". People lured in by this illusion, make mistakes, yet still ask that external influences bear the burden.
When one mistake after the next permeates the masses, they become impossible to trace... Thus, the amassing of these individual cages culminate to form a prison, a place dictated only by the rule of "survival of the fittest."
Nature is always accompanied by predation and sacrifice... Its antithesis is known as Order.
That is what I want to do: unite people's happiness under the banner of Order. They won't need to make bitter choices any longer, nor face the weaknesses of humanity. They can cast aside their primal instincts, to build a haven for mankind.
Simply describing thoughts is far too abstract, so allow me to provide a simple example: As you all may know, there are societal norms like "weekends" and "long weekends" that exist on some worlds.
During these hard-earned rest days, people are given the chance to extricate themselves from the stresses of everyday life, allowing a certain tranquility to return to their souls.
And it is only on these days, that people do not have to adhere to the law where the strong prey on the weak — they can live out their lives happily during these brief intermissions. It's just a pity... that two or three days are still too fleeting compared to the span of a lifetime.
From where I stand, society's ideal system should be "seven rest days". Following Sunday, there should ensue a second, a third, and indeed an infinite procession of Sundays. This should be the face of the new world — idyllic, eternal, peaceful days.
And thus, every person can return to their base selves in this utopia. Some gaze in reverence at the stars, pouring their whole beings into calculating the distance between us and the isolated world of {RUBY_B#Silver Rail's starting point}Pegana{RUBY_E#}. Meanwhile, some seek refuge in quiet corners, holding one another, unencumbered by the chains of unwelcome obligations...
There would be no need to bear the hardships of reality. Only in this way can humanity face the inevitable end with the purest of spirit. Living a life of dignity — this is what it is to live in bliss.
Miss Firefly, you who are stricken with Entropy Loss Syndrome — you of all would surely understand this?
The cost is minute, merely a personal... and eternal sacrifice. If this paradise is to be maintained for everyone, someone must remain trapped in solitary wakening, until the end of the cosmos.
It is not forsaking, but transcending. Flesh, blood, sorrow, weakness. If the physical is the root of spiritual suffering, it is only logical that we defeat it.
That's another way of understanding it, but there is no shame in escape. On the contrary, the seeds of escape exist in everyone's hearts.
Don't you agree, Miss Firefly? And as to why we sleep? It is because we are afraid to awaken from our dreams.
But this is not in conflict with the grand plan. Only in acknowledging this, can we truly understand the frailty of human nature, and from there, show compassion and protection.
...
I can't believe {RUBY_B#Xipe, the Harmony}that Aeon{RUBY_E#} would cast a glance at Penacony at a time like this... Is it because of the resonance from the legacy of the Trailblaze? Or perhaps the bond between you is so strong that it even impresses an Aeon?
If that's the case, on behalf of the Dreammaster of Penacony and the 107,336 members of the Oak Family, I'm extending a formal invitation to all of you...
I'm cordially inviting you all to the Penacony Grand Theater to participate in the upcoming Charmony Festival. And of course, you won't be in the audience, but on center stage.
Since the future of the Stellaron, Penacony, and even the entire Cosmos is at stake, let's draw a conclusion there, in all fairness.
If you truly believe in {RUBY_B#Aeon of Trailblaze}Akivili's{RUBY_E#} path, then show me THEIR courage and determination.
What do you mean, Master?
I'm right here in front of you, aren't I?
But the plan has changed. As her brother, I know she doesn't want to sing for the Order, so I'll take her place.
If you consider this a betrayal...
Well, there can't be two suns in the sky. I'll step up and take down the other sun if necessary.
If karma exists, then everyone has their own karma. You have yours, and I have mine.
And my karma has nothing to do with you, Mr. Gopher Wood.
Well, the compromise came sooner than expected. Why?
Is this part of your plan?
I have one final question, Master.
Why did you choose to bring the Order to Penacony? Wouldn't it have been better to choose a desperate world instead of a city filled with hope and dreams? Why?
So, it's not you who manipulates the Dreamscape with the Stellaron, but...
...
"I shall ascend to the heavens, becoming the scorching sun."
"Bathed in my light, my people shall flourish, while all evil shall be eradicated."
"I genuinely wish to avoid a violent clash with my esteemed guests from afar. Therefore, I've arranged three acts before the situation becomes irreparable."
"Where shall we start our narrative? Well, let's start with the time when Penacony was still a frontier prison."
"In 2147 AE, a prisoner named Hanunu ignited a struggle for liberty and emerged triumphant. IPC referred to it as the 'War of the Frontier', while the Asdanians dubbed it the 'War of Independence'."
"It's true that Hanunu was a legendary hero, but it must be acknowledged that while he bestowed freedom upon the prisoners, he didn't grant them true liberation."
"The three Nameless stayed on the planet, endeavoring to spread the tenets of Trailblaze throughout the frontier prison. Alas, their efforts proved futile."
"Once again, Asdana was engulfed in war, this time the enemies originating from within. The prisoners remained prisoners for the rest of their lives, fighting for freedom rather than living for it."
"For I desire not only your enjoyment but also your... assistance in its completion."
"THEY transmuted streams of stars into inked nibs, creating symbols to be pronounced and counted."
"THEY molded stardust into flowing rivers, assigning the righteous upstream and the unjust downstream."
"Thus, all things were marked, and the world learned to discern between good and evil."
"That marked the third and fourth days."
"Behold the ensuing tale, a struggle for power. Penacony witnessed the ascent of the seven major lineages — Tree, Grass, Flower, Bird, Beast, Fruit, and Insect."
"Peace never truly graced land of the exiles. The history in this era is rich and intricate, so please allow me to present it in allegorical form."
"Land of the exiles was in disarray, besieged by both internal and external perils. Though the seven major lineages appeared united on the surface, each harbored their own ambitions, leading to ceaseless conflict."
"The Blackplum Family was the first to fall. They withered away in the White Desert event orchestrated by the Alfalfa Family."
"The leader of the Alfalfa Family sought to defect to the IPC, trading freedom for survival. However, his eldest son slew him in the name of righteousness and ascended as the new family head."
"The Lampmoth Family endeavored to extend the silver rail left by the Express, only to be eradicated by the remnants of the Swarm, leaving nothing in the unforgiving Cosmos."
"Only when Gopher Wood led The Family to land of the exiles and earned recognition from all five major lineages did Penacony earn its new name, the Land of the Dreams."
"THEY used the planetary rings to establish the law, forging a code of conduct among the masses."
"A grand lyre with black and white keys served as an instrument, while symbols of articulation and numerical notation took the form of musical notes. The downward-flowing river became a melody, and the canon of law dictated the form."
"Thus, all mortals found their unique place within this symphony. That marked the fifth and sixth days."
"This is the concluding act of this play. I have showcased the past and present of Penacony, hoping that my desire for change resonates within you."
"And now, I shall reveal its future to you."
"My apologies for the delay, March 7th."
"I'm waiting for you behind the curtain. Following the Asdana tradition, I invite you to enjoy a stage play in three acts before the Festival begins."
"History is a mirror reflecting the universe's true essence. Let's use this opportunity to delve into the rich history of Penacony and the Aeons."
"Within it, naturally, the future takes shape."
"As you can see, their sentences have long ended, and the IPC guards have long been expelled. Yet, these prisoners remain enslaved, not by external forces, but by the confines of their own minds."
"Freedom permeates every corner except fragile souls. It gives solace only to those who believe in its existence."
"Thus concludes the first act. Amidst a raging war, the frontier prison headed toward becoming Land of the Exiles."
"Alas, they remain but slaves till the very end, with the illusion of freedom."
"Thus concludes the second act. Amidst an illusory harmony, Land of the Exiles charted its course toward becoming the Planet of Festivities."
"My apologies for my negligence. I forgot to inform you that the final part... was scripted long ago."
That concludes everything related to the Order. What are your reflections on this, my dear guests?
Nevertheless, this is but a trivial blip in the annals of galactic history. What truly matters is the course this river shall take in the days to come...
You've arrived at the perfect moment. The Charmony Festival is about to commence, and it would be a shame if you were absent for {RUBY_B#The Order}the Harmony's{RUBY_E#} prologue.
Allow me to extend my warmest welcome once more. Welcome to Penacony Theater, the very core of the sweet dream, the abode of the Stellaron, the grand stage of the Charmony Festival...
And... the very place where the future of Penacony shall be determined through conflict.
Your unwavering faith in the Trailblaze is truly impressive.
Because our shared goals give equal weight to the beliefs we strive for.
It hides behind the curtain. Or rather, it is the theater itself.
However, if you want to see it, you must display faith equal to its immense power.
True goodness can only be achieved through faith.
Do you still believe that the Order only seeks to control the universe as THEIR puppet, Himeko?
...
It seems you have misunderstood my intentions. Allow me to clarify — My desire is not to resurrect a fallen Aeon or become one myself...
My sole objective is to create a paradise free from Aeons, where the Order ensures the dignity and happiness of all humanity. A paradise exclusive to us human beings.
Looks like we won't be able to convince each other. Now that our conflict has been destined, let's unveil our Paths and reveal to the universe the true path.
However, before the prelude to the future begins, please take a moment to ponder the questions I've posed...
Without us, this bird would be too fragile to survive on its own. Do you want it to die?
...
Then let's take care of it together until it can return to the sky.
Birds have wings because they're meant to fly. Even if they may crash on the ground one day, they shouldn't be trapped in a cage.
Birds belong to the sky, so we should help them return there, right?
My name is Guinaifen! "Gui" means wood, "Nai" means to exist, and "Fen" means fragrant — rolls right off the tongue, doesn't it? I usually do juggling performances on this side of Exalting Sanctum. Remember to come see the show when you have the chance~
Geez, why do I feel like I haven't seen you in a long time? What? You saw me yesterday? Ah — a day without seeing you feels like three years!
See you next time! I'll save you a front-row seat. Oh, uh, it's a makeshift outdoor stand, "front-row" sounds a little fancy...
My real name is Guinevere. Guinaifen is the Xianzhou name Shangshang gave me. Who is Shangshang you ask? She's my best friend — Sushang the Cloud Knight. Have you met her?
I've got more than a dozen siblings! One of them is my older brother — he's also living on the Xianzhou. His name is Langshile, but he seems to prefer being called "Lancelot."
I learned my juggling skills on the street — my brothers taught me. It started out as a way to survive. Who'd have thought the performances would become so popular? It feels like fate is teasing us sometimes, hehe.
This girl arrived on your Xianzhou ship and started juggling to earn her tips, melons and dates make a very nice meal, but to make my day needs at least ten strale, no need to waste time on idle chat, 'cause a real stage play is right where it's at!
Don't you think the poetry and songs of the Xianzhou people are enchanting? One time I asked Shangshang to teach me to write poetry, and she only wrote four words in three months... I don't think I'll be able to learn at this rate.
There's so much good food on the Luofu, but for juggling one has to stay light and nimble. How does that ancient saying go... It's hard to be both loyal and filial? You can't serve two masters? Something like that?
Sushang has been calling me "Little Gui" for a long time now, which is fine... But recently I've noticed that even my brothers on the street have started calling me "Little Gui," and even audience members... At this rate, no one's gonna remember my real name!
On the Xianzhou, short-life species like us have a fleeting existence, here one moment and gone the next. That's all the more reason to seize the moment while you still have it!
There's a crosstalk comedy duo in Exalting Sanctum — Forth and Back'n. They're a friendly couple of guys — they helped me to embellish a lot of my act. In fact, the doggerel portion of the performance was their idea.
Shangshang is my best friend. Aside from my street-performing brothers, she's the person I've known the longest on the Luofu. I wanted to become sworn sisters with her, but she didn't seem interested.
I heard that the general is interested in these street music performances. I wish I had the chance to perform at the Seat of Divine Foresight, then I could be famous.
I've never spoken to the general, but I did meet his retainer once. He asked me if I was a "woman of the sword," so you know what I did? I did a sword-swallowing performance right in front of him!
Qingque likes to play celestial jade in Exalting Sanctum, but sometimes she gets tired and comes to see me juggling. I can tell from her face if she's won or lost that day — red is a win, pale is a loss, and really pale means her boss is out looking for her.
"Living?" that's all a big hustle and bustle. But life? Life's all about savoring the moment.
Spread those positive vibes, and watch the good luck follow~
Fresh face, fresh vibes — must be talking about me!
The more you can do, the easier life gets~
 {NICKNAME}, did you check out my latest livestream? It was a show-stopper!
 {NICKNAME}, did you check out my latest livestream? It was a show-stopper!
Sushang! We should totally team up for this performance, the fans will go wild~
Hey little guy, wanna see some sword swallowing? I've added some new tricks to my act!
Hey Qingque, you're looking chipper, did the cards fall in your favor?
Come get a better view, Huohuo. Don't worry, the fire won't bite you, you know~
Don't throw the game!
What's wrong? Everyone's a customer!
Turn out your pockets!
No one's gonna pay you to stand still!
Fame and fortune!
Wealth and wisdom!
Glad I trained...
Getting serious, huh!?
Come feast your eyes!
It's never too early... for a Happy New Year!
Uh-oh, dropped the ball...
The show must go on!
Here we go!
Tough crowd!
That was a heck of a performance!
Ooh, extra tips!
Wooh, looks like we've struck gold!
Think fast and work faster~
Maybe this one's not a customer...
Busier places mean fizzier business.
Forget your wallet? Hmph...
Quick, snatch it all up!
Want to know the secret? Well, my lips are sealed~
My name is Guinaifen! "Gui" means wood, "Nai" means to exist, and "Fen" means fragrant — rolls right off the tongue, doesn't it? I usually do juggling performances on this side of Exalting Sanctum. Remember to come see the show when you have the chance~
Geez, why do I feel like I haven't seen you in a long time? What? You saw me yesterday? Ah — a day without seeing you feels like three years!
See you next time! I'll save you a front-row seat. Oh, uh, it's a makeshift outdoor stand, "front-row" sounds a little fancy...
My real name is Guinevere. Guinaifen is the Xianzhou name Shangshang gave me. Who is Shangshang you ask? She's my best friend — Sushang the Cloud Knight. Have you met her?
I've got more than a dozen siblings! One of them is my older brother — he's also living on the Xianzhou. His name is Langshile, but he seems to prefer being called "Lancelot."
I learned my juggling skills on the street — my brothers taught me. It started out as a way to survive. Who'd have thought the performances would become so popular? It feels like fate is teasing us sometimes, hehe.
This girl arrived on your Xianzhou ship and started juggling to earn her tips, melons and dates make a very nice meal, but to make my day needs at least ten strale, no need to waste time on idle chat, 'cause a real stage play is right where it's at!
Don't you think the poetry and songs of the Xianzhou people are enchanting? One time I asked Shangshang to teach me to write poetry, and she only wrote four words in three months... I don't think I'll be able to learn at this rate.
There's so much good food on the Luofu, but for juggling one has to stay light and nimble. How does that ancient saying go... It's hard to be both loyal and filial? You can't serve two masters? Something like that?
Sushang has been calling me "Little Gui" for a long time now, which is fine... But recently I've noticed that even my brothers on the street have started calling me "Little Gui," and even audience members... At this rate, no one's gonna remember my real name!
On the Xianzhou, short-life species like us have a fleeting existence, here one moment and gone the next. That's all the more reason to seize the moment while you still have it!
There's a crosstalk comedy duo in Exalting Sanctum — Forth and Back'n. They're a friendly couple of guys — they helped me to embellish a lot of my act. In fact, the doggerel portion of the performance was their idea.
Shangshang is my best friend. Aside from my street-performing brothers, she's the person I've known the longest on the Luofu. I wanted to become sworn sisters with her, but she didn't seem interested.
I heard that the general is interested in these street music performances. I wish I had the chance to perform at the Seat of Divine Foresight, then I could be famous.
I've never spoken to the general, but I did meet his retainer once. He asked me if I was a "woman of the sword," so you know what I did? I did a sword-swallowing performance right in front of him!
Qingque likes to play celestial jade in Exalting Sanctum, but sometimes she gets tired and comes to see me juggling. I can tell from her face if she's won or lost that day — red is a win, pale is a loss, and really pale means her boss is out looking for her.
"Living?" that's all a big hustle and bustle. But life? Life's all about savoring the moment.
Spread those positive vibes, and watch the good luck follow~
Fresh face, fresh vibes — must be talking about me!
The more you can do, the easier life gets~
 {NICKNAME}, did you check out my latest livestream? It was a show-stopper!
 {NICKNAME}, did you check out my latest livestream? It was a show-stopper!
Sushang! We should totally team up for this performance, the fans will go wild~
Hey little guy, wanna see some sword swallowing? I've added some new tricks to my act!
Hey Qingque, you're looking chipper, did the cards fall in your favor?
Come get a better view, Huohuo. Don't worry, the fire won't bite you, you know~
Don't throw the game!
What's wrong? Everyone's a customer!
Turn out your pockets!
No one's gonna pay you to stand still!
Fame and fortune!
Wealth and wisdom!
Glad I trained...
Getting serious, huh!?
Come feast your eyes!
It's never too early... for a Happy New Year!
Uh-oh, dropped the ball...
The show must go on!
Here we go!
Tough crowd!
That was a heck of a performance!
Ooh, extra tips!
Wooh, looks like we've struck gold!
Think fast and work faster~
Maybe this one's not a customer...
Busier places mean fizzier business.
Forget your wallet? Hmph...
Quick, snatch it all up!
Want to know the secret? Well, my lips are sealed~
My name is Guinaifen! "Gui" means wood, "Nai" means to exist, and "Fen" means fragrant — rolls right off the tongue, doesn't it? I usually do juggling performances on this side of Exalting Sanctum. Remember to come see the show when you have the chance~
Geez, why do I feel like I haven't seen you in a long time? What? You saw me yesterday? Ah — a day without seeing you feels like three years!
See you next time! I'll save you a front-row seat. Oh, uh, it's a makeshift outdoor stand, "front-row" sounds a little fancy...
My real name is Guinevere. Guinaifen is the Xianzhou name Shangshang gave me. Who is Shangshang you ask? She's my best friend — Sushang the Cloud Knight. Have you met her?
I've got more than a dozen siblings! One of them is my older brother — he's also living on the Xianzhou. His name is Langshile, but he seems to prefer being called "Lancelot."
I learned my juggling skills on the street — my brothers taught me. It started out as a way to survive. Who'd have thought the performances would become so popular? It feels like fate is teasing us sometimes, hehe.
This girl arrived on your Xianzhou ship and started juggling to earn her tips, melons and dates make a very nice meal, but to make my day needs at least ten strale, no need to waste time on idle chat, 'cause a real stage play is right where it's at!
Don't you think the poetry and songs of the Xianzhou people are enchanting? One time I asked Shangshang to teach me to write poetry, and she only wrote four words in three months... I don't think I'll be able to learn at this rate.
There's so much good food on the Luofu, but for juggling one has to stay light and nimble. How does that ancient saying go... It's hard to be both loyal and filial? You can't serve two masters? Something like that?
Sushang has been calling me "Little Gui" for a long time now, which is fine... But recently I've noticed that even my brothers on the street have started calling me "Little Gui," and even audience members... At this rate, no one's gonna remember my real name!
On the Xianzhou, short-life species like us have a fleeting existence, here one moment and gone the next. That's all the more reason to seize the moment while you still have it!
There's a crosstalk comedy duo in Exalting Sanctum — Forth and Back'n. They're a friendly couple of guys — they helped me to embellish a lot of my act. In fact, the doggerel portion of the performance was their idea.
Shangshang is my best friend. Aside from my street-performing brothers, she's the person I've known the longest on the Luofu. I wanted to become sworn sisters with her, but she didn't seem interested.
I heard that the general is interested in these street music performances. I wish I had the chance to perform at the Seat of Divine Foresight, then I could be famous.
I've never spoken to the general, but I did meet his retainer once. He asked me if I was a "woman of the sword," so you know what I did? I did a sword-swallowing performance right in front of him!
Qingque likes to play celestial jade in Exalting Sanctum, but sometimes she gets tired and comes to see me juggling. I can tell from her face if she's won or lost that day — red is a win, pale is a loss, and really pale means her boss is out looking for her.
Isn't Huohuo's laugh just the cutest? My performances aren't scary — they're uplifting! I can't wait to see her laugh some more~
Whoa, this place feels pure evil... Hee-hee, time to get some footage.
I wonder if this thumbnail would be approved...
Shh, follow me. Keep quiet and tread lightly...
Hey, hey, it looks like there's someone up ahead. Let's go around.
Restricted area? Since when were you in charge of Fyxestroll Garden?
Miss Huohuo, can we have Mr. Tail come out for a photo?
Did you hear that!? Wh—What was that sound?
It's a ghoooost!
Yo, it's you! You're interested in the supernatural, right?
Lucky for you, I just finished editing my stream — it's all the proof you need...
But before you watch it, I gotta ask you a question... do you believe in ghosts?
I knew it! Curious cats like us usually have a better sixth sense — it's easier for us to perceive the unseen...
Hehe, I think you're in for a surprise...
This video is gonna prove that the Xianzhou is full of supernatural phenomena.
Uhh, that was me copying video titles from the hottest streamers on the Luofu... I heard they help attract more viewers.
Enough chit-chat — look! This is the weird stuff that happened yesterday when I was streaming in Fyxestroll Garden!
Me and my bestie got kicked out of the garden straight after... but did you see the key moment?
What!? No! There was a freezing chill, not to mention the way they drifted through the air... They were legit ghosts! Anyway, the key point was...
Ugh, it's called editing? I edited it! That way I can show what happened before and after. Anyway, the key moment was...
Why are you so focused on all the wrong things?
It wasn't the Realm-Keeping Commission or the Cloud Knights that came to deal with it. It was the judges from the Ten-Lords Commission!
That's what I'm saying! At first, Sushang didn't believe that Fyxestroll Garden was haunted. But after the judges showed up...
You've been on the Xianzhou for this long and you've never heard of the Ten-Lords Commission?
They're the most mysterious organization on the Xianzhou! Their investigators always pop up out of nowhere, then disappear without a trace. If they show up, you know something serious is going down!
In other words, something BIG must have happened in Fyxestroll Garden for them to show up.
Exactly! Now do you believe that my content isn't clickbait?
Possibly... but the judges kicked me and Sushang out of there straight away. It looked like they were setting something up in the garden before we left.
There has to be a conspiracy... Uh, I mean — ghosts!
Hee-hee, I knew it! This is what people like us live for. Let's go!
High risk, high reward, high view count. As we grow up, our curiosity for the unknown gradually fades... I'm not gonna let myself become a boring grown-up.
Why are the ghosts haunting the garden? A lingering grudge, perhaps... or maybe they're an omen of some impending disaster? Aren't you curious?
Don't be scared. When the time comes, just hide behind me.
I get it — you're scared. I'm scared too. I'm sure you'll find your courage sooner or later. I'll be here waiting for you when you do!
I understand — I'm scared too! I'm sure you'll find your courage sooner or later. I'll be here waiting for you when you do!
Wanna explore Fyxestroll Garden with me? I KNOW we're gonna get to the truth this time.
Hee-hee, I knew it! This is what people like us live for. Let's go!
What? What's there to think about? I get it. I'll be waiting for you here when you're ready!
It's so dark in here... It feels like we're being watched...
Did anyone ever tell you the scary stories about Fyxestroll Garden?
Then allow me! As a streamer, I've done my fair share of research. Let me find my script...
"Wandering Fox Spirits and Ghostly Tails..." Fyxestroll Garden was originally a garden delve constructed by a foxian craftmaster. It was a place for their kin to rest, write poems, and feast... et cetera et cetera.
It's said the elite pilots of the foxians were almost wiped out in the Denizens of Abundance Wars thirty years ago. People went to the Foxsomn Tomb in Fyxestroll Garden to grieve for the departed... Because of this, Fyxestroll Garden rarely saw visitors and was bereft of joy.
Over time, Fyxestroll Garden became full of flickering ghostly flames, and weeping lamentations echoed through the air. The rumor that the garden was haunted spread like wildfire among Xianzhou Luofu residents.
I know, right? I did a lot of research before I decided to film here...
Ugh, man, is it that obvious? I paid Mr. Xiyan to write it up for me. Sounded a little too professional, huh?
Sure, I guess now's not really a good time for stories... Don't worry — I can sum it up in a single sentence.
Fyxestroll Garden used to be a garden delve, but people started coming here to mourn fallen foxian fighters at the Foxsomn Tomb, and rumors spread that the garden was haunted.
I know it's easy to cast doubt, but the Ten-Lords Commission actually showed up this time.
Speaking of which, we have to avoid running into the judges. If we get kicked out, it'll all be for nothing.
Anyway, that's the background. Let's keep moving, and watch your step...
Wait, wait, wait — stop.
...There are Ten-Lords Commission spiritfarers on patrol. Let's go the other way — we'll head to the Foxsomn Tomb first, then cut through the Locufox Forest.
Perfect! Let's just say it was self-defense. We had no choice.
Makes sense. We went crazy and couldn't control ourselves... I like the way you think.
Whoa! Nice! There were no witnesses, so this never happened, alright?
...Let's keep going.
...Wh—What's up guys, hear me out!
Huh? Unemployed? I'm a {RUBY_B#juggler}street performer{RUBY_E#} and a streamer who reports on current events! A streamer! It's a legit operation!
Uh, no reason. I haven't posted anything for ages, so I wanted to film some ghosts for my videos... hehe.
But I saw them! They had ghostly flames coming out of their body, and they were cackling! And Sushang saw them too—
...I... Really? I don't believe it. "Heliobi"? What's that? Ohh, I get it — "heliobi" is just another word for "ghost" on the Xianzhou, right? That's gotta be it.
Mr. Tail...?
...
GHOOOOOOOOST!!!
Deep breaths, Little Gui, deep breaths...! Ahem, c—can I have a small chat with this... "Mr. Tail?"
N—No way! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get something for my vids!
Your Honor, if I may ask, what exactly is this... fire thing? How can we prevent it from hurting people? ...And why is a judge carrying one around with her...?
Th—That's very reasonable, Your Honor! Thank you. I promise we'll leave after asking our questions.
"Not all the escaped heliobi have been recovered..." So that means the other supernatural stuff that's been happening on the Luofu might be related? Your Honor! I have loads of info sources! Maybe I can help you!
Ghosts? Heliobi? Possession...? That was a big info dump, my brain is still loading...
...It all sounds more like an urban myth than a ghost story. "Energy parasite" sounds more cool than scary... don't you think?
Yeah, I guess so... I still feel like my audience will see them as ghosts, to be honest.
...Mm, I never thought about it like that. Nice take!
My audience likes getting to the bottom of mysteries, secrets, and conspiracies... We streamers have to cater to that, you know?
*sigh* I've got loads more questions, but my curiosity is satisfied for now. We better leave before the judges decide to arrest us.
...I'm gonna see if I can get a video of Mr. Tail on the way back — I've already got the title: "Demonic Fire Suddenly Appears in Fyxestroll Garden! Innocent Foxian Girl Possessed!" What do you think? That'd get so many views...
...Can you give me a hand?
Wow! That's a yes, right...?
Okay, fine! No need to be so blunt about it.
Mm, true, but I'd probably only do a few decades, hehe.
Let's go.
Yo, remember, I'll need your help. Let's go.
This gourd is so pretty! Is this what they call a "sacred vessel" on the Xianzhou?
It's okay. It's okay. This is my first time seeing the Ten-Lords Commission's exorcising tools up close~
Ah, if it isn't {NICKNAME}! You're back in Aurum Alley~
Unfortunately we have no performances scheduled, if you want to see an acrobatics show, I'm afraid we'll have to let you down. Although, I can talk with you for a while if you like~
Whoa, so many people here! If I'd known, I would've brought my jade abacus with me for a livestream...
This place is buzzing! I take it you're both Aetherium Wars players, here to take on Cloudford's champs— ...uh, championship contenders?
How observant! You're right, I'm not a Xianzhou native~
My real name is Guinevere, but a Xianzhou friend came up with an authentic Xianzhou name based on the pronunciation.
Gui, nai, fen! "Gui" means fine wood, "nai" means to exist, and "fen" means fragrant — rolls right off the tongue, doesn't it?
Fate has brought us together — that makes us friends! I often perform at Exalting Sanctum, so if you've ever got time, come and enjoy the show!
I was hoping you'd say that! Hehe.
Man, March 7th — that's such a beautiful name! I'll make sure to remember it!
So the event's sponsor is here too? Is today some sort of special occasion or something?
No worries! I'm more than happy to explain the mechanisms in this Victory Zone to these two.
I should state, I have no idea who the championship contender for this zone is, but I am pretty familiar with the mechanisms.
See the markings on the wall over there? All you need to do is use the Jade Abacus's image recorder to capture all of them, and you'll be able to reach this zone's contender...
Oh, right, you guys call it a "camera"! Anyway, did that all make sense?
Hehe, as long as it's clear, you're all set!
Now that you know what to do, why not give it a go? I'll be right here, waiting for you.
See the markings on the wall over there? All you need to do is use the Jade Abacus's image recorder to capture all of them, and you'll be able to reach this zone's contender...
Oh, right, you guys call it a "camera"! Anyway, did that all make sense?
Oh, look! The door opened! You guys really aced that first puzzle!
It's time to press on and seek out more markings. Have fun~
In the meantime... I'm gonna figure out how to boost my Victory Rating. Good luck!
Here we go! Ladies and gentlemen, prepare to be amazed!
Nice, you guys are bringing the heat! Can you go one better...?
Outworlder girl in a strange new land, came to perform and make her stand⁓
Here for a show and here for the day, but bring your wallet 'cause you get what you pay⁓
Words and whispers hold no sway, better get ready for the grand display!
Wow, I've never seen anything like this before! It's so much more spectacular than the little plaza in Exalting Sanctum.
Fancy running into you two again! What a pleasant surprise~
You could say that! But the main reason I'm here is to take part in the championship!
You bet! Once we're done here I'd be glad to!
I suppose we're rivals for the time being, huh.
Well, you know what they say — break a leg! Metaphorically, of course...
Let's put on a show to remember!
Now that was a performance! I thought my heart was going to jump out of my mouth!
Don't forget to rest! You guys have got a busy day ahead of you!
I'll be rooting for you in the stands! Don't go losing on me now!
I don't think I've ever been this far away from the Xianzhou before! Who'd have thought I'd be hopping star systems only to wind up on this cold, icy planet?
You know, this place kinda reminds me of home... Not the Luofu, my real home. Barren, icy, jagged shards sticking out everywhere... I guess nothing really beats the Luofu, huh?
Oops, there I am rambling on again... I almost forgot you're still in the middle of a tournament! Good luck! I can't wait to see what you're gonna pull off next!
Yo, what's up! You're finally here! Without you, our ghost-hunting squad would be nothing!
Sure, when you're not passed out in fear! Hehe...
...I get it. You don't think I have any special skills, so I'll just get in the way?
You hear that, Sushang! I'm a key member of the squad! They said I could be a Ten-Lords Commission intelligence hawk!
Ugh, it's Ghostly Grove, not Ghastly Gravy!
Look, I'm a new user, so I only have a few followers on this site... but based on past experience, once you get a following, people start flooding you with stories and news about paranormal activity.
We have our work cut out for us, that's for sure. Sometimes a lead is obviously fake, but other times... it's hard to tell from just a few words on the Internet.
After all, some people will make up all kinds of nonsense to attract attention.
That's the easy part — we just post some videos of us ghost hunting... Uh, I mean, subduing heliobi! We're working for the Ten-Lord's Commission after all — we're gonna have the best content out there!
Madam Hanya has already given us the green light. We'll record our heliobi-hunting expeditions to get more followers, and then use the intel from our followers to find more heliobi. It's like a vicious cycle... W—Wait — a virtuous cycle!
The way I see it, "operating in secret" and "exposing the paranormal" go hand-in-hand.
We won't reveal the names of any victims. We'll just post some pics and videos of the squad engaging in fierce battles with the supernatural! And then come up with some dramatic titles...
Like: "Little Gui Investigates: Ghost Tries to Scare Young Cloud Knight Girl on Creepy Road — Gets Owned..." Y'know?
We'll turn the entire heliobi-hunting process into regular uploads. Viewers will see that there's nothing that scary about it, and there won't be any public panic!
Hee-hee, thanks bestie.
I feel like some of you aren't convinced by the whole online ghost-hunting thing... How about this — we take a look at the leads we have so far, and pick one to try out as a test run.
"When You See It You'll Scream!" That's so cliche, with the arrow and everything... "Failed Your Starskiff Pilot Test? You're Cursed!" Tsk, people are always looking for excuses...
I found a suspicious report...
Take a look — this post is getting tons of comments.
That's not the point — here, read this part...
"One of the healers from the Alchemy Commission had Lady Bailu cornered, but then she disappeared into thin air..."
Judging from the comments, there were several witnesses. Sure, Lady Bailu runs away all the time, but disappearing into thin air?
That's right! Those heliobi were locked up in the same space for ages! They probably got to know their fellow prisoners like the back of their... Huh, I guess they don't really have hands...
I heard from Miss Hanya that Cirrus is caught in a stalemate — the Evil Binding Matrix has trapped them. Will they really cooperate with us?
That's just another way of saying they don't want to cooperate...
Huh? Wait, Huohuo, you can't seriously be thinking about—
Wow, the general recognizes me? I didn't realize I was so famous!
Huh? Oh! I—I remember... I should apologize — I did a sword-swallowing performance on the spur of the moment, but forgot to return the sword to him when I left the stage...
Why is the general putting his trust in us? I'm too young to die!
Hmm... "wander the world with them." It sounds like Lady Bailu would've been an ideal target — she's always running off to play in Aurum Alley.
Ahh, I haven't been here for a while — it's nice to be back in the old stomping ground.
Did I hear something from the peanut gallery?
Look! Those two are wearing Alchemy Commission uniforms. They're probably looking for the Dragon Lady...
The Tenth Squad! Cloud Knight Security Squad Ten, to be precise, hehe... We patrol the streets and respond to all kinds of unexpected incidents! It's grunt work, essentially...
Anyway, we heard about the Dragon Lady's disappearance, so we hurried over to see if we could help.
Psst, be normal!
It sure can! This foxian beside me... well, she's actually the Xianzhou's top expert on intangible cultural heritage — she's super knowledgeable about cloudhymn magic. Huohuo, could you share some expert insight with us?
Hmm, maybe you're overworked. Alchemy Commission healers are saving people 24/7 — I'd start seeing things too if I were that busy. As the face of medicinal mastery on the Xianzhou, you two need to be living healthier lifestyles.
So where did you last see Lady Bailu?
Lady Bailu! Lady Bailu, where are you?
Seriously...? That ghost twin was one thing, but your screaming nearly sent me to the grave...
It seems to be coming from this room. I'll open the door and take a look. Everyone, stay on high alert.
Huh? It won't open.
In other words, we'll be able to enter the heliobus's illusion?
When you're ready, ring the chime — we'll all charge in together.
Don't wait too long. They might make a run for it before we get there.
Truth be told... Luxie didn't seem as evil as the other heliobi we've seen.
Wait!
We're going to make a post about this "paranormal incident" online to attract more followers — it'll help us get more intel.
That's right, we wanna report this incident like it's a paranormal phenomenon — the more exaggerated the better — and then announce that it was solved by our ghost-hunting squad! Then we add on a few photos and videos — it'll be sure to get lots of views!
It's all a team effort. Come on, help me think of something!
Hmmm... I say that's a good title. What does everyone think? Alrighty then, it's decided.
You should go back soon, Lady Bailu. Those two medics have had a rough day.
Ooooh⁓! Our follower count has skyrocketed!
And as predicted, we got some new leads... Looks like my strategy is working like a treat!
When everyone's rested and ready, let's go through the leads. Time to find another heliobus.
Don't worry, Sushang. Right now, I'm cool as a cucumber inside a block of ice...!
Uhh, I was possessed, okay? That thing snuck up on me — I couldn't even react! I'll make up for it this time.
...Glue.
Ugh, now I'm starting to get the heebie jeebies...
I never thought this would be behind the door...
Wait, stop!
...Sushang's... gonna use her head...? Now we're really done for...
Ha, you're fine! Just take a breather...
Wait, I have an idea! How about we use a little reverse psychology? Instead of chasing Lady Bailu, we get her to come to us!
Chasing Bailu around like this reminds me of something I saw back home when I was a child. On my home planet, resources were scarce, and if you wanted to eat meat you had to risk your life by going deep into the mines to hunt an animal called a sky mink.
Sky minks fly so nimbly and are so alert that even the quickest of hands will have a hard time catching them.
Ugh, don't interrupt! Hear me out. The sky mink's ecology is unique — it lives in symbiosis with a venomous creature called a shrieking lizard. When a sky mink goes out to feed, it lets the lizard protect its young.
So we used to go to sky mink nests to catch shrieking lizards, instead. When a shrieking lizard gets caught, it calls to the sky mink with a loud shriek to warn it to return to the nest and protect its young... which of course, led the sky mink right to us.
Well, the competition for survival went two ways — shrieking lizards spew out a potent venom, and failure to take proper precautions cost many a hunter their life.
I'd hesitate to call it that. Shrieking lizards spew out a potent venom — many people lost their lives trying to catch a tiny morsel of meat for dinner.
Isn't it obvious? If we can catch one Bailu, the other will come running to us!
I remember one of the judges had a precious item called a Lunaumbra Gourd, which could absorb and imprison heliobi... Uh, come to think of it, I think that's the thing I smashed... I wonder if they fixed it?
Nice! In that case, you can take the gourd and camp out in a corner — the rest of us will chase Lady Bailu back over here.
Who knows? Cirrus said that Luxie is kinda childlike — it's worth a try.
Phew, sure enough, they walked right into our trap.
There won't be a next time! Huohuo, you know what to do.
Alright, alright. Lady Bailu, it's getting late — you need to go home now.
No need to feel bad, Lady Bailu. You were in a dreamworld — none of it was your fault.
It's only natural to want to escape when strict rules are being forced on you. I know there are a lot of grown-ups trying to control you — telling you what you can and can't do... they're the ones to blame.
Apologize for what? You know, you and me have a lot in common. I'm almost a grown-up now, but I still miss my childhood days and running about barefoot.
My big brother used to boss me around... He'd give me chores, constantly telling me to grow up, that kind of thing... Then one day, I decided to rebel. I ran away to prove that I could get by without my family... and eventually settled on the Xianzhou.
Whether it's a Dragon Lady like you or an ordinary person like me, I feel like many people's lives follow a similar trajectory.
One day, you'll have the strength to leave your current situation and move on to the next phase... In the meantime, I suggest you try and cherish the good rather than apologize for the bad.
Geez, and there I was pouring my heart out... Now I feel like this kid's lived longer than I have...
That door over there is the only way out... We'd better close it...
The Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobus Containment Breach Incident — A.K.A the ghost-hunting squad — is ready for action! Yeahhh⁓!
Looks like we're the only ones in good spirits today...
Yo, why the exhaustion? You look like the officers over at the Realm-Keeping Commission.
I don't think that was included in the job posting. Actually, I don't think there ever was a job posting.
Every time I see our follower count increase, I get so excited I can't even sleep — it works better than any kind of tea or coffee.
Sushang, you slept for an entire day!
A certain Celestial Jade-playing Divination Commission employee, perhaps...?
Even a judge knows her! Her reputation sure does precede her...
It's this girl. Here, look at this post.
Well... anyway, there's a dangerous situation at the Divination Commission at the moment, so just don't go in there!
Sure sounds like it. I could only dream of having a cozy job like that.
Wait! There's something we need to ask you.
Madam Hanya...
Right! Let's call it a day. And you too, Judge Hanya — don't work yourself to death.
Notification sent. I guess now we should go to the Divination Commission and see what's going on?
It feels like we're just dancing to the heliobus's tune...
Sushang, snap out of it! A slacker heliobus is getting into your head!
Qingque, I've been thinking through the calculations for this puzzle — there really is only one solution.
Count me in. I'm sure Miss Qingque has something up her sleeve.
I don't think searching like this is the best way...
That's right — we can't really know what a heliobus is thinking, right? Tail was sealed away for ages and then suddenly let free... If it were me, I'd want some away time.
You'll just have to be a little patient.
Anyway, even if you don't find Tail, you're still a great judge — the success of our ghost-hunting squad proves it.
Reminds me of me and my brother — sort of a love-hate relationship.
Is this... something Tail would do?
We don't have time for that. Even if Cirrus does know something, by the time we've finished asking questions, it'll be too late!
...I sure hope we're not thinking of the same person.
Uh-oh. I just had a thought...
Based on what that Cloud Knight said, it isn't that Yanqing's in danger...
Exactly.
A—Are you scared, Sushang? Me too... Compared to the other heliobi we've dealt with so far, this one seems like it could do some serious damage.
Sushang, my bestie... why is she so stubborn...?
Still, that was pretty freaking cool...
Sometimes I wonder whether your head's screwed on right. We need to take you to the Alchemy Commission for a check-up.
It must be a heliobus illusion...
Shouldn't we ring the Harmonic Chime and see if we can talk to Yanqing inside the illusion?
Haha, right — conscious Sushang is pretty badass.
She went toe-to-toe with the general's star pupil! I'd be pretty pleased with myself, too.
We're gonna need to get you a front page news story for this one. Heck, let's get some billboards!
Sounds good. Let's have a think about it.
...Is everyone okay with this?
Alright, let's get out of here!
Yeah, Miss Huohuo has been trying to track down Tail — in addition to helping the squad, that is.
She's been down in the dumps ever since she lost Tail.
What if Huohuo came across a lead today — something that sounded like Tail's doing...? Knowing her, she's probably gone looking for him...
Correct. And I think I might know who the culprit is.
Even if Cirrus doesn't know where Tail is, given the shared history, they wouldn't hesitate to cause trouble...
Huohuo is missing, and I'm willing to bet you know something about it!
Huohuo! Huohuo!
But...
But, Miss Hanya, this is to save our friend!
Miss Hanya, tell me straight... Does the Ten-Lords Commission actually have a solution?
Yeah, Cirrus is bound to know what this heliobus is up to.
But why would a heliobus ever want to help people? Wait... Miss Hanya, do you mean to say that...
Wh—What?
You flaming furball! What the heck is going on!? Did you know about this the whole time, Miss Hanya?
Huohuo, you're awake! Seems like Tail's "operation" was a success!
Well, where would we be without our squad leader? We had to help!
I'm looking at the reply — see, here. Miss Hanya said she's on her way.
What did you tell her?
Haha, quit worrying Sushang, you've been an awesome squad member! And a very talented sleepyhead.
Now, let's think about what to publish on Ghostly Grove! This is huge news — this post will definitely boost our following.
It's called professionalism, alright?
Leave them to us!
I don't wanna brag, but our articles on Ghostly Grove are the talk of the town! If we suddenly stopped uploading, it'd be pretty unfair to our audience.
Don't worry, we promise not to make your job any harder than it already is.
Thanks for saving me, Your Honor...
I am Dr. Ratio, a scholar and teacher of the Intelligentsia Guild, and one of the mediocres. If one day your brain shows symptoms of dullness, then please give the doctor a call.
You look distressed. Is something troubling you? If so, you can figure it out for yourself.
Another day has passed. If your problem still hasn't been solved, is it possible that the problem is you?
First, with the headpiece on, isolated from my five senses, I can think without interference. And second, I don't have to set eyes on stupid people. Of course, they don't want to see me either.
I don't mind revealing my true colors if it helps me teach students and treat patients. But in my experience, it's usually counterproductive.
The Intelligentsia Guild is often seen as a vendor of knowledge, but the right to set a price is always in the hands of the buyer. When someone is willing to listen to knowledge that is being disseminated and circulated, a price is created.
They dedicate themselves to truth... And it's right to say so — after all, everything they do is for the sake of Nous.
I can't stay away from books and bathtubs, especially the former. When one's head is stuffed with filth, one's body is no cleaner.
The most annoying thing about idiocy is that you can't explain it to an idiot.
Before you ask a question, why don't you consider whether the answer has already been determined? It is better for everyone if such questions are not asked.
The beauty of truth is that it never changes, even when no one understands it. Well, that's true for me, at least.
Herta is a quintessential genius — a natural wonder who sees no one as her equal. I have no doubt that she is talented, but I doubt whether her talent is always helpful to others.
In his field, Screwllum is trying to establish new laws. I prefer to call such a person a monarch, rather than a genius.
How many people have been fooled by her claim to fame as a hermetic genius? It seems to me that she wants to explore much more than just life. Just wait and see — the Genius Society member with all the real ambition is her.
Thought is the only means available through which to know ourselves.
The faster the progress, the greater the chance of errors.
If this day I have not gained the recognition of Nous, it stands to reason that I never will at any point in the future.
You may choose to do the same as everyone else, but you are bound to get a completely different result.
Can ordinary men still manage to believe in themselves under the scorn of a genius?
Harnessing and tempering the instincts of life... you know more of such things than myself.
Call that defense?
Need I... teach someone a lesson?
I'm asking the questions.
No need to rush. Patience breeds success.
Think!
Let's test your knowledge.
Mediocre!
You fool!
Esse est percipi...
Knowledge is the measure of all things. It reveals truth... and falsehood.
Zero points... Next!
Mere flesh...
Well done... ten points.
Not bad... five points.
For the theater of the mediocre.
Just as my calculations predicted.
Since when were knowledge and wealth mutually exclusive?
I accept, as would any man.
Hardly a work of genius...
You learn to know yourself before your enemy.
Ready to squander the remainder of your days?
Do you have answers?
Never stop thinking.
Fail... Get out!
Wealth shouldn't be a hindrance to pursuit of truth.
An interesting test of intellect.
I am Dr. Ratio, a scholar and teacher of the Intelligentsia Guild, and one of the mediocres. If one day your brain shows symptoms of dullness, then please give the doctor a call.
You look distressed. Is something troubling you? If so, you can figure it out for yourself.
Another day has passed. If your problem still hasn't been solved, is it possible that the problem is you?
First, with the headpiece on, isolated from my five senses, I can think without interference. And second, I don't have to set eyes on stupid people. Of course, they don't want to see me either.
I don't mind revealing my true colors if it helps me teach students and treat patients. But in my experience, it's usually counterproductive.
The Intelligentsia Guild is often seen as a vendor of knowledge, but the right to set a price is always in the hands of the buyer. When someone is willing to listen to knowledge that is being disseminated and circulated, a price is created.
They dedicate themselves to truth... And it's right to say so — after all, everything they do is for the sake of Nous.
I can't stay away from books and bathtubs, especially the former. When one's head is stuffed with filth, one's body is no cleaner.
The most annoying thing about idiocy is that you can't explain it to an idiot.
Before you ask a question, why don't you consider whether the answer has already been determined? It is better for everyone if such questions are not asked.
The beauty of truth is that it never changes, even when no one understands it. Well, that's true for me, at least.
Herta is a quintessential genius — a natural wonder who sees no one as her equal. I have no doubt that she is talented, but I doubt whether her talent is always helpful to others.
In his field, Screwllum is trying to establish new laws. I prefer to call such a person a monarch, rather than a genius.
How many people have been fooled by her claim to fame as a hermetic genius? It seems to me that she wants to explore much more than just life. Just wait and see — the Genius Society member with all the real ambition is her.
Our man here always manages to wriggle out from the jaws of catastrophe, and we can't chalk it all up to "good luck." The audience is forever anticipating his blunder... maybe he's anticipating it as well — will that day ever come?
Thought is the only means available through which to know ourselves.
The faster the progress, the greater the chance of errors.
If this day I have not gained the recognition of Nous, it stands to reason that I never will at any point in the future.
You may choose to do the same as everyone else, but you are bound to get a completely different result.
Can ordinary men still manage to believe in themselves under the scorn of a genius?
Harnessing and tempering the instincts of life... you know more of such things than myself.
Keep to yourself, gambler, and spare me the false display of concern.
Call that defense?
Need I... teach someone a lesson?
I'm asking the questions.
No need to rush. Patience breeds success.
Think!
Let's test your knowledge.
Mediocre!
You fool!
Esse est percipi...
Knowledge is the measure of all things. It reveals truth... and falsehood.
Zero points... Next!
Mere flesh...
Well done... ten points.
Not bad... five points.
For the theater of the mediocre.
Just as my calculations predicted.
Since when were knowledge and wealth mutually exclusive?
I accept, as would any man.
Hardly a work of genius...
You learn to know yourself before your enemy.
Ready to squander the remainder of your days?
Do you have answers?
Never stop thinking.
Fail... Get out!
Wealth shouldn't be a hindrance to pursuit of truth.
An interesting test of intellect.
I am Dr. Ratio, a scholar and teacher of the Intelligentsia Guild, and one of the mediocres. If one day your brain shows symptoms of dullness, then please give the doctor a call.
You look distressed. Is something troubling you? If so, you can figure it out for yourself.
Another day has passed. If your problem still hasn't been solved, is it possible that the problem is you?
First, with the headpiece on, isolated from my five senses, I can think without interference. And second, I don't have to set eyes on stupid people. Of course, they don't want to see me either.
I don't mind revealing my true colors if it helps me teach students and treat patients. But in my experience, it's usually counterproductive.
The Intelligentsia Guild is often seen as a vendor of knowledge, but the right to set a price is always in the hands of the buyer. When someone is willing to listen to knowledge that is being disseminated and circulated, a price is created.
They dedicate themselves to truth... And it's right to say so — after all, everything they do is for the sake of Nous.
I can't stay away from books and bathtubs, especially the former. When one's head is stuffed with filth, one's body is no cleaner.
The most annoying thing about idiocy is that you can't explain it to an idiot.
Before you ask a question, why don't you consider whether the answer has already been determined? It is better for everyone if such questions are not asked.
The beauty of truth is that it never changes, even when no one understands it. Well, that's true for me, at least.
Herta is a quintessential genius — a natural wonder who sees no one as her equal. I have no doubt that she is talented, but I doubt whether her talent is always helpful to others.
In his field, Screwllum is trying to establish new laws. I prefer to call such a person a monarch, rather than a genius.
How many people have been fooled by her claim to fame as a hermetic genius? It seems to me that she wants to explore much more than just life. Just wait and see — the Genius Society member with all the real ambition is her.
Thought is the only means available through which to know ourselves.
Ah, the charming audacity! To think that you, of all people, might emerge victorious, dear gambler.
You're late, by four minutes and sixteen seconds. You'd better have solved the mystery of Akivili's fall. Otherwise, I'd suggest not tangling with the Nameless.
Clamorous people do not make friends. Fun fact: The Attini Peacock boasts one of the universe's more jarring songs, and your choice of attire is somewhat peacock-esque.
...It seems this peacock is short of a feather or two. The Family's been rummaging through your things, haven't they?
Back home, to tell the corporation that some idiot ruined everything.
Without that aventurine stone, you're nothing more than a doomed Sigonian thrall sentenced to die by the IPC. Or is that serial number on your neck a cherished memento from the Amber Lord?
It's my job. How would a gambler wrest {RUBY_B#Frontier Prison}Penacony{RUBY_E#} back for the IPC otherwise?
Get to the point. What's your plan?
Damned gambler. Any true collaboration demands trust. Did that notion somehow escape your Sigonian upbringing?
That depends on you.
...I did not mean to offend.
Just as you guessed: Nobody outside knows about Robin's death, there aren't even baseless conspiracy theories. They're still streaming the rehearsal for her ceremony — using a stand-in, I guess — *ahem* they must be dreaming.
Then you must have heard about the {RUBY_B#"Something Unto Death"}Memory Zone meme{RUBY_E#} — when I graciously deigned to establish connections with the Oak Family on your behalf, they were quite in a pitiful state of disarray.
Besides Robin, there was another body. I don't know the exact details, just that it was a stowaway.
Incredible, gambler. Have you already exhausted your limited repertoire of tricks so soon?
A complete and utter loss — incidentally, it seems to have resulted in your rather undignified arrival on the interrogation stand.
There were eyewitnesses at the scene, and The Family, in their graciousness, has tentatively accepted your alibi. However, for the foreseeable future... you shall, regrettably, find yourself under the vigilant watch of the Hounds.
A probability? Yes, it exists, but it verges on the infinitesimal. To phrase it in a manner more befitting the vernacular of Penacony, "you're dreaming."
But if you simply can't control yourself and want to try your hand, then there just so happens to be a suitable candidate...
That man wants to see you again.
Sunday.
If it were the former, it would hardly befit my stature to stoop to the role of a mere messenger.
We're here. The Dewlight Pavilion is the Oak Family's fortress and a place where heads of the families meet to discuss great plans for Penacony.
This mansion nominally belongs to Sunday, and is very befitting of its owner. Without his express invitation, the likes of ordinary guests would never grace these grounds in their lifetimes. Look around while you still have this moment of freedom.
Who's to say I won't sell you out?
Follow me, and I'll bring you to his parlor. Hold your tongue and let me deal with the members of The Family.
I was requested by Mr. Sunday to bring him the suspect. My name is Ratio. He should've mentioned it to you.
...Excuse me?
Right, and as I mentioned, that fantasy raiment of yours doesn't exist.
*sigh*... It seems like the idiocy index here is no better than it is out there.
The door is shut tight. Looks like we're on our own.
For security reasons, The Family built the administrative site deep in the Dreamscape, with the mechanisms hidden in these Nightingale statues. The direction of the statues can be controlled.
On the previous occasion, an attendant named Conna had gone to the side room to verify something before setting the statues in the correct positions.
Six Nightingales facing in different directions — an obvious hint.
They are. What's wrong?
There are no eagles in the Five Families, only Nightingales— Why am I wasting time with you on this?
A truly miraculous discovery — perhaps I should offer you the chance to join the Genius Society?
I was being sarcastic. Can't you tell?
Do you need me to remind you? We're in a dreamscape. No matter how grand the mansion looks, it'll not affect Penacony. Stop wasting your time nitpicking The Family here.
...Hold on.
No, but this door is locked.
...It's a trial. You got to prove your worth to Sunday before you can speak with him.
If I'm not wrong, we need to find a way to open this door in the hall, or this place will be our prison.
Get serious. I've no time for games. Let's head back. The hint is probably in that prominent sandpit.
There wasn't a gap before. That man must have done it intentionally.
Of course.
Indeed.
...
There's no need to yell, I can hear you. The pinball machine must be hidden somewhere in the hall, like the arch. Wait here, and I'll be back in a minute.
Quite a fascinating contraption. I would rate it more favorably if that clamorous little person inside were gone.
It's a pity you made it out of the sandpit alive. Sunday is just beyond this door. From my limited understanding, he's not someone easily handled. Are you prepared?
Tell me about your plan.
Looks like "sincerity" isn't in your dictionary.
On what basis do you believe he's incapable, necessitating the delegation to someone from a rival faction, the IPC?
...Do you mean the Galaxy Ranger whom you accused previously?
Ah, the charming audacity! To think that you, of all people, might emerge victorious, dear gambler.
...
What makes you think you can convince me?
In that case, you ought to realize that a competent scholar knows their position and wouldn't forsake more vital matters for the sake of petty pride.
...
Cut to the chase. What do you need from me?
Haven't you confiscated his Cornerstone? You can't expect a featherless bird to take flight.
You'll have to speak more clearly than that.
You question whether he would entrust you with someone else's Cornerstone? The Ten Stonehearts aren't as united as you think — Cornerstones are significantly more precious to them than their very own lives.
I never imagined someone would share his way of thinking. Honestly, you should see a shrink.
Bring it. The box containing Cornerstone is unique, and only IPC senior staff and related members can access it — but I happen to be among them.
Unfortunately, your guess is correct.
This is the very ruse he intends to use to fool you. He won't reveal to you that the Ten Stonehearts chisel their own will into the Cornerstones, granting them an unparalleled radiance.
And this golden stone is also known as a topaz, not aventurine, and it belongs to {RUBY_B#One of the Ten Stonehearts}Topaz{RUBY_E#}.
So? Do you wish to confront him?
The safest place, somewhere you'd never think of. Because he never intended to hide it — in fact, that Cornerstone has been in your hands from the very beginning.
Then he makes up some trivial excuse, downplaying the matter, and requests the gift money. This is a gamble, one he's all too familiar with, betting on your single misstep leading to a total loss.
If I were you, I would shut my mouth. It's wise to remain silent when you should.
...
The Council of Mundanites should consider you as their member, for no one in this universe is more suitable to be there than you.
Solving a problem by brute force doesn't prove your intelligence. The side room — don't let me repeat myself.
Let's look around. When I see it, I will know it.
Found it. This is it.
I saw nothing.
Finally, a moment of peace.
That's it... Pleasant moments of solitude are always fleeting.
If that is your wish, I will do so without a moment's hesitation.
You look pale. Or, is that also part of your act?
I thought this was exactly what you wanted. After all, I faithfully fulfilled my duties as you instructed.
Just tell me if you can't hold on any longer.
Yeah, and I'm pretty sure the people at the Strategic Investment Department would love to be notified of your death in due time, but let's not forget you won't be seeing them, because I'm the manager of this task.
You've got a lot of nerve — how exactly do you plan on completing your task while your hands are tied by The Harmony?
Sounds like a very elaborate way of saying that you failed.
That's true, but what's your plan? Did you conceal an Orbital Support beacon in that gift money bag?
...You are indeed a gambler — an insane one at that.
...
Fine. Here, take this. Open it when you're on your last legs. You'll thank me.
Has the IPC finished sharing all its thoughts? Then it's our turn.
The Guild, much like the Genius Society, has taken a keen interest in the recent calamity in Penacony. Ultimately, both parties have agreed to a comprehensive collaboration, offering technical support for the reconstruction of Penacony...
...The floor is yours for the finer points, Mr. Screwllum. Enlighten us, please.
Not only that, we've also established contact with the Garden of Recollection through the IPC, and they've pledged their support for our research endeavors...
I am truly happy for the Dreamchasers on Penacony — the cosmos' brightest and, let's admit, dimmer intellects are now at their service.
I am truly happy for the Dreamchasers on Penacony — the cosmos' brightest and, let's admit, dimmer intellects are now at their service.
Ah, we cross paths again. Do you remember me? Of course, why would you? Memory is such a fickle thing, after all.
Ah, the Technology Department. Charming little place, isn't it? Madam Yabuli does possess some semblance of competence, but her subordinates? Oh, they're a riot — brimming with enthusiasm yet utterly devoid of intellect. It's as if evolution halted prematurely for them.
They want to start some new collaborations with Herta and have graciously extended an invite for me to play the role of science consultant. It's delightfully amusing. I can't wait to witness firsthand how these geniuses from the so-called "Super Smart Club" squander the IPC's vast resources.
However... this attack was timed a little too well. I can't help but wonder if someone leaked this information, and the attackers seized the opportunity. Herta's aloof response to these juvenile provocations? Almost as intriguing. What a delightful little puzzle.
Save your flattery. Time is hardly a luxury we can squander. To debate the merits of mere mortals in the company of an actual genius? Quite the paradox, if you ask me.
Don't play the fool. Think.
Don't play the fool. Think.
Don't play the fool. Think.
I commend your stamina for recounting that interminable tale — you must be exhausted. My ears certainly are.
So, to sum it up, the last time you laid eyes on Herta was in her office. She sent you on a wild goose chase for some trinket, the Curio, after which you knew nothing else until Lady Asta contacted you.
If that's the narrative you're sticking to, then indulge me: Who, pray tell, can substantiate this captivating drama?
A second-hand account, she wasn't at the scene. Hearsay hardly counts as compelling evidence, now, does it?
Apologies, it's an unfortunate habit of mine. When one is immersed in academic research, skepticism comes far more naturally than belief.
It is also the most efficient method, judging from my experience — seeking answers with a negative hypothesis in mind is still valid research. It can still help us reach the truth.
...If these two incidents were caused by the same person, then the suspicion put on you would decrease... provided that this fire-suppression record does exist in the system.
A portrait of internal turmoil. You look troubled. Do you need help?
Do try to think for yourself.
Based on your story, you met with Herta because she specifically wanted you for an assignment.
And the assignment involves a Curio that doesn't even have a name.
Herta's collection — an endless trove of trinkets and baubles — and yet she singles out one nameless, ordinary Curio? It's hard for me to imagine she would treasure one Curio so much.
Don't interrupt other people. Did no one teach you manners?
True. You wouldn't be able to make that up.
Say what you want to say.
Yes... that seems logically sound.
That's enough pretending. Please be quiet.
Then you said: You asked Asta for help with the lost Curio.
However, she decided to hold her tongue until now?
So what's the story? Are you full of fanciful fiction, or is Asta the one hoarding secrets like they're going out of style?
Your testimony went out the window the second you started being secretive.
What could be more important than Herta's safety?
Oh. So that explains why Lady Asta approved of my participation. After all, the Intelligentsia Guild's representative wouldn't be linked to the space station but would still share the IPC's position.
They wouldn't be partial to anyone, but would still act for the space station's benefit — two birds with one stone.
Researchers' disappearances you say... Yes, I've heard the responsibility of sorting out that mess has been thrust upon Arlan, head of the Security Department.
Clearly, though, it bears no connection to Herta's puppet being attacked.
Cut the act. You're perfectly aware of the point I'm making.
Adler?
Well, did he enlighten you?
She did say that, but then what? You need to provide evidence to show incidents are linked.
Oh? Your point being?
A list of the missing researchers and their details.
A list of the missing researchers and their details.
Take it. Remember these names — find a friend who's tuned in to the gossip around here and tell them you want to know the relationship between these people.
I don't know. That depends on your friend.
Take me to the one who knows the most about Curios within the Department of Ecology, if you would be so kind.
Lead the way. You said Adler was on the verge of a discovery, yet couldn't confer his knowledge. Intriguing and frustrating, to say the least.
If his disappearance is also related to the case here, then maybe he really did stumble upon something important.
What did he talk about?
Phrase...
Your countenance suggests tragedy.
So the researchers who disappeared were at the forefront of challenging management. Isn't that a curious puzzle piece?
I finished browsing through this booklet while you were replying to messages. It recorded the lives of a few Genius Society members — I'd say it contains some interesting information.
It's time to go back and chat with Lady Asta and Mr. Screwllum.
A declaration of war and an announcement of what's to come — they have set their sights on you. The Legion's impact remains, and the Annihilation Gang is already paying a visit. It almost seems like this space station is more suited for the Path of Destruction than Erudition.
A group of pitiful lunatics. I like Dr. Primitive's assessment of them: "The value Nanook sees in the Annihilation Gang is perhaps far less than what one might see in a child who deliberately broke a vase."
The fire demons have a cruel temper and instinctively ignite and destroy items. Ifrit is particularly evil and cruel, even among his kin. The Ever-Flame Mansion he heads is even the archenemy of the Jepella Brotherhood, despite both groups belonging to the Annihilation Gang.
The Jepella Palace crumbled in the scorching flames, and Ifrit's power has grown by the day ever since. Would you believe it to be merely a coincidence?
Something similar is about to happen here. Spontaneous combustion? For him, it's as routine as me finding fault in everything. The disappearance of researchers and the puppet were all part of the plan. And after that...
That video will soon circulate, and this station's fate? Flames, nothing but flames.
I'm afraid more than trust will be destroyed here.
We need to start acting now if you want to survive. You — come with me.
You have a superior strategy? Pray tell. Do we set the two of them loose, turning whispered fears into full-blown pandemonium?
Less than promising, or to use a different phrase — we're in deep trouble.
We're running out of time, let's retrace our steps and evaluate the situation. From the data we've collected, there are three avenues we can explore...
First, Adler's disappearance. He must have come across some vital information.
The next angle is what the victims have in common — distasteful as that discussion may be.
Last, is the abilities of Duke Inferno and the secret of spontaneous human combustion.
Indeed. And I already know what he found.
A mere glance at their background would indicate they share no commonalities.
Lady Asta must know what this means.
The fire demon of Fetora, the Duke of the Annihilation Gang... There is another secret with Ifrit.
During prior unrest instigated by the Ever-Flame Mansion, some testified to seeing "miscreants materialize from the inferno."
The flickering tongues of Duke Inferno's fire carry a certain property, and this property... is the secret behind spontaneous human combustion.
Look — the answer is right there.
Tenuous connections. Enough of this nonsense.
This booklet describes a kind of fire that can phase through dimensions, claiming it "burns through worlds, leaving numerous scions of flame behind".
The kindling of this unique flame... must be the missing Curio that Herta's been searching for. And Duke Inferno is evidently spawned from it.
I fear that is the truth Adler discovered.
And Adler already discovered the relationship between spontaneous human combustion and the Phase Flame through the concept of "energy lifeforms."
Wen Shiling said Adler kept muttering about a "phrase" before he disappeared.
It probably should have been "Phase." He saw member #29 Sserkal's research topic in this booklet and verified his hypothesis.
As a scion of the Phase Flame, Duke Inferno would naturally share similar capabilities. Full-on phase shifting may be a bit too ambitious for him, but teleportation? That's likely more his speed.
That is the truth of the spontaneous human combustion — the researchers didn't disappear — they were "moved."
We don't know where the victims went, but Duke Inferno's plan is now clear.
And the sudden and consecutive disappearances provided the best environment for chaos to fester.
Once the seed of unrest has sprouted, he will then send out an announcement for an imminent attack. It will push the crisis from the dark into the light, catalyzing it into new growth and bloom.
The next step would be to ignite the spark. Look at those researchers who disappeared — what would happen if someone realized their similarities? I need to say no more.
...We're running out of time.
Indeed. It needs one more spark.
If you limit your involvement to this, there's still room for excuses. If it were me...
...I wouldn't give you the chance.
That flame must still be somewhere inside the station. Find it, and we'll find a way to bring her back.
The way is awash with flames! It must have just teleported!
Be careful — get ready to dash into the fire.
See, it's still in the space station. Like Screwllum said, it cannot escape from here.
Do you know what to do with cornered prey? Hunt it to the death.
It's over.
The small fragment of consciousness in there is gone. Duke Inferno has discarded this fire...
...Oh? No. Hold on...
Ah, the banal theatrics of stalling. Let's not, shall we?
So this is the extent of "miscreants materializing from the inferno"? Seems like Dr. Primitive wasn't wrong.
The fire is weakening, it's preparing to flee. You — keep your eye out for Lady Asta's whereabouts.
Fallout from this incident remains. Surely you have plenty of pressing matters to attend to? Or is the safety of the space station beneath your concern?
Haha... When did you start to doubt me?
I must say, I'm quite honored, Mr. Screwllum, but do explain — why opt for silent wisdom when you already had the pieces of the puzzle?
Oh... and when did you become convinced?
Had I not fortuitously acquired a spark of the Phase Flame and intervened in Duke Inferno's teleportation, those people would already be space waste — floating past the windows here.
But still behaving within your calculations, no?
One last question. Screwllum, genius though you are, can you deduce why I did this?
The ruler of Planet Screwllum is indeed well-versed in the human mind. It's a pity you are as much in the ivory tower as other geniuses — you still got one thing wrong.
To stand aside and observe is the best treatment one can give. There is a disease called "foolishness" that is harder to cure than any ailment.
The Path of Erudition has neither reason nor logic. While geniuses wander among the stars, the ordinary can't even trace their footsteps. Those less gifted have no choice but to walk alone, enduring a lifetime of tumbles and triumphs...
...but even a life marked by failure is a life worth living — it is only in moments of solitude and despair, when help is absent, that fools grasp how to pick themselves up.
I have a fastidious nature — I cannot stand fools, idiots, or imbeciles. Seeing them fills me with dread. Regrettably, this space station is just like the Intelligentsia Guild — devoid of geniuses and filled with mediocrity.
I am only laying out my questions. As for the answers... They'll find them themselves.
Pursuit tinged with negativity is still pursuit, and it is capable of leading us to the right conclusion. For the masses of the mediocre to reach a level of awareness — this is a necessary rite of passage.
As for the spark I leave behind...
It is also a lesson I left for her.
With that, I take my leave. I look forward to future encounters with such brilliant minds. Let's hope they're as memorable as those we had today.
The infernal fire is also a form of energy lifeform. The imaging device will pick up its trace. Follow it.
It's still resisting. The fold in the space has shifted. I can deduce its escape route with a mere glance.
The flame is getting weaker. Duke Inferno can't maintain it anymore.
Seems like this chase is about to end.
Please, begin your statement — and try to think before you speak.
Please, begin your statement — and try to think before you speak.
It seems that Duke Inferno didn't deign to personally grace the space station. He merely cast infernal fire into our midst to wreak havoc among the researchers. When the fire fizzles out, his malevolent plans will vanish without a trace.
How quaint. A space so meticulously curated just for my refined tastes. I suppose it might do for moments of reflection.
Perhaps the best part... is that even with so many present, there's a delightful scarcity of simpletons.
Not at all.
That was a compliment.
As a Nameless who's always on the road, constantly meeting with various characters — don't these encounters become wearisome?
It's no small feat. The average person is easily swayed by their environment, after all.
Go ahead and try. With this mask on, I intend to keep the world at bay.
With this mask on, I intend to keep the world at bay.
So, within your esteemed data bank, knowledge is reduced to mere bytes and bits?
Sure, it's handy for sharing, but it surely robs the reader of genuine pleasure, does it not?
The touch of a paper book is a sensation I frequently find myself missing.
What, can't grasp the concept? I'd wager you haven't opened a real book in your life.
The sensation of paper under one's fingertips, the sound of turning a page — they provide psychological stimulation when one's thoughts are stalled, leading you gradually out of any mental impasse.
To me, holding a physical book constantly reminds one of the gravity of knowledge, an experience that digital data just can't replicate.
To see paper books merely as vessels would be too simplistic.
To me, holding a physical book constantly reminds one of the gravity of knowledge, an experience that digital data just can't replicate.
To see paper books merely as vessels would be too simplistic.
People who struggle with decisions are either overthinkers or lack thoughts altogether.
Which are you?
So, you're part of the Genius Society? If not then what is there to boast about?
The fact that you can admit this already indicates you have more insight than most.
What defines a fool is the inability to recognize their own shortcomings. Don't let that be you.
What defines a fool is the inability to recognize their own shortcomings. Don't let that be you.
In moments of stress, do you ever ask yourself — which of my actions truly serve my own interests?
Outside of teaching and healing, I lean towards keeping my words few and my thoughts deep.
Hah. So this is the life of a "Nameless"? Eternally bustling about, never catching a moment's rest.
Transformation is a kind of suffering, yet it invariably accompanies the end of what once was...
Upon reflection, does this also apply to you?
Transformation is a kind of suffering, yet it invariably accompanies the end of what once was...
Upon reflection, does this also apply to you?
In your view, who holds the power to distinguish between genius and mediocrity?
Nous or no Nous, my contributions remain invaluable.
It's true, people love to label themselves.
The truth is, it's of no significance.
Make a choice, bear it, reflect on it, and accept it. There's no need to prove anything or seek validation.
The truth is, it's of no significance.
Make a choice, bear it, reflect on it, and accept it. There's no need to prove anything or seek validation.
Having visited the Express so many times, it's only fitting I bring a token of my appreciation.
I recognize I may not be the most endearing person, but I still uphold fundamental courtesies.
Is there something you desire?
I often find myself addressing the world's seeming inclination towards ignorance. But sharing a bit of my acquired knowledge? Well, I suppose it's my modest contribution to the universe.
Regrettably, most languish in ignorance... They fail to grasp that while knowledge appears costless, its true value is immeasurable.
I often find myself addressing the world's seeming inclination towards ignorance. But sharing a bit of my acquired knowledge? Well, I suppose it's my modest contribution to the universe.
Regrettably, most languish in ignorance... They fail to grasp that while knowledge appears costless, its true value is immeasurable.
Time to wake up, gambler.
Are you waiting for a sign? Time is ticking. Descend via the elevator — what you seek is there.
Have you considered whether the answer to your question will be of any relevance to our current predicament?
If a question is of no help, then don't ask it. Time is clearly precious to the both of us.
*sigh* ...Never mind. Allow me to clarify something. I know exactly who you are, and I'm aware you are in Ruan Mei's employ. This was not my intended destination — I just happened to find my way here during my visit and saw what she was up to.
My goals are roughly aligned with yours. Since you're here, I won't intercede... but should you fail, I will be forced to prevent some avoidable misfortunes.
That's all you need to know. Just two paragraphs. Very effective communication.
I can't stand discourtesy — even when it comes from myself.
Because I can't bear to see idiots. Of course, they wouldn't want to see me either.
I can't stand discourtesy — even when it comes from myself.
The real "Ruan Mei's Creation" is hidden in the giant incubator below us.
Go. Take the elevator and bear witness to this "Genius' Masterpiece."
Hello! Allow me to introduce myself. My name's Topaz — I work in the IPC's Strategic Investment Department. I've heard about the many great feats of the Nameless and the Astral Express — it's truly a pleasure to meet you. Oh, hehe, and this is my little second-in-command — Numby! Say hi to everyone, Numby!
Long time no see! How have you been? Clocking in a lot of overtime?
Ugh, why do they have to call me for such a trivial matter... Sorry, something just came up at work, I've got to get going!
How does that song go again? "The place you can't go back to is called home." Well, that might sound dramatic, but I really haven't been back home for a long time... and frankly, I don't want to.
Protecting the interests of the vast majority of people is the reason I chose this career path. The IPC has given me an excellent platform to pursue my goals... and for that, I have nothing to complain about.
There are so many tricks for dealing with people in the workplace that I can't even list them all. But I always believe that the most important part is to remain sincere — whether it's with coworkers or with customers. That's my bottom line.
Do you know what year it is? Who works for money these days? Money is a means, not an end. Work should make you happy... That's the most fundamental principle.
The vast starry sky, the billions of cute, magical critters... Even if only for them, I've gotta work hard.
The trouble with being too good at math is that everyone treats you like a human calculator. So yeah, that's why I rarely talk about my expertise in that area.
I used to think creatures from different ecosystems would be incapable of living together, so I divided my home into different ecological zones, but now... Look! Look how well these two are getting along! They're obviously from different planets, but they're best friends now! Isn't that amazing!?
Every family has its problems, this I understand. But if everyone were to stop repaying their debts, the whole system would collapse... If that time comes, what was once thought of as a trivial matter would become a hardship for the world.
They've always liked shiny things — gold coins, gems, you name it. They're like a big fat investment account accruing interest... Guess I should've just named them "Piggy."
In the IPC — no — even just the Strategic Investment Department — there are plenty of unsavory characters I don't care for. They may be my colleagues, but we're not the same. Take Aventurine, for instance... I sincerely hope you never have to deal with him.
The supreme guardian of Belobog... Well, she's an impressive little girl well beyond her years in maturity... Huh? You're saying I'm about her age? No, no, no, totally different circumstances, no comparison at all...
I've heard about Himeko of the Astral Express — my colleagues were gossiping about how beautiful and knowledgeable she is. If I ever get the chance, I'd love to meet her.
The most mysterious character on the Astral Express is that conductor — the one who looks like a little creature... Their reputation precedes them. If they're as interesting as the rumors suggest, I'll definitely have to meet them sooner or later! And hopefully, I'll get to pet them too!
Lady Asta! Now that's a real lady if I ever saw one. You'll never guess just how wealthy she really is!
Stellaron Hunters? We aren't acquainted. Never worked with them on any projects. Supposedly those guys are hard to get in touch with, but they have an unexpectedly good credit record — which I value far more than any groundless conspiracy theories.
Looking bullish! Which is why we should keep a cool head.
Awesome! Let's ride the wave!
Don't be complacent — good investors always think long-term.
Nice to have in the portfolio.
Himeko! I'm sure I can learn a lot from you.
What's the latest, Bronya? Remember to rest — don't go taking after me.
Lady Asta! How's your mother been? We should hang out more!
It's a bull market.
Gotta know the risks...
Let the asset valuation begin.
The market always fluctuates. Whenever you're ready~
Still no repayments?
Smash them up, Numby!
Steady...
Better cut our losses...
The market is unpredictable...
Huh? Right! Investing in victory... means playing the long game!
Didn't file... leave application...
*yawn* ...Time for overtime.
Pretty good perks~
Project wrapped!
Hard work pays off~
A little extra for the quarterly bonus⁓
Just a little test.
Hey, you! Time to check your books.
Time for a break. Silent mode activated!
Easy, Numby! Easy~
Liquidation!
Don't forget the interest!
Assets confiscated!
Ooh, free stuff!
Another project over the finish line!
Hello! Allow me to introduce myself. My name's Topaz — I work in the IPC's Strategic Investment Department. I've heard about the many great feats of the Nameless and the Astral Express — it's truly a pleasure to meet you. Oh, hehe, and this is my little second-in-command — Numby! Say hi to everyone, Numby!
Long time no see! How have you been? Clocking in a lot of overtime?
Ugh, why do they have to call me for such a trivial matter... Sorry, something just came up at work, I've got to get going!
How does that song go again? "The place you can't go back to is called home." Well, that might sound dramatic, but I really haven't been back home for a long time... and frankly, I don't want to.
Protecting the interests of the vast majority of people is the reason I chose this career path. The IPC has given me an excellent platform to pursue my goals... and for that, I have nothing to complain about.
There are so many tricks for dealing with people in the workplace that I can't even list them all. But I always believe that the most important part is to remain sincere — whether it's with coworkers or with customers. That's my bottom line.
Do you know what year it is? Who works for money these days? Money is a means, not an end. Work should make you happy... That's the most fundamental principle.
The vast starry sky, the billions of cute, magical critters... Even if only for them, I've gotta work hard.
The trouble with being too good at math is that everyone treats you like a human calculator. So yeah, that's why I rarely talk about my expertise in that area.
I used to think creatures from different ecosystems would be incapable of living together, so I divided my home into different ecological zones, but now... Look! Look how well these two are getting along! They're obviously from different planets, but they're best friends now! Isn't that amazing!?
Every family has its problems, this I understand. But if everyone were to stop repaying their debts, the whole system would collapse... If that time comes, what was once thought of as a trivial matter would become a hardship for the world.
They've always liked shiny things — gold coins, gems, you name it. They're like a big fat investment account accruing interest... Guess I should've just named them "Piggy."
In the IPC — no — even just the Strategic Investment Department — there are plenty of unsavory characters I don't care for. They may be my colleagues, but we're not the same. Take Aventurine, for instance... I sincerely hope you never have to deal with him.
The supreme guardian of Belobog... Well, she's an impressive little girl well beyond her years in maturity... Huh? You're saying I'm about her age? No, no, no, totally different circumstances, no comparison at all...
I've heard about Himeko of the Astral Express — my colleagues were gossiping about how beautiful and knowledgeable she is. If I ever get the chance, I'd love to meet her.
The most mysterious character on the Astral Express is that conductor — the one who looks like a little creature... Their reputation precedes them. If they're as interesting as the rumors suggest, I'll definitely have to meet them sooner or later! And hopefully, I'll get to pet them too!
Lady Asta! Now that's a real lady if I ever saw one. You'll never guess just how wealthy she really is!
Stellaron Hunters? We aren't acquainted. Never worked with them on any projects. Supposedly those guys are hard to get in touch with, but they have an unexpectedly good credit record — which I value far more than any groundless conspiracy theories.
Looking bullish! Which is why we should keep a cool head.
Awesome! Let's ride the wave!
Don't be complacent — good investors always think long-term.
Nice to have in the portfolio.
Himeko! I'm sure I can learn a lot from you.
What's the latest, Bronya? Remember to rest — don't go taking after me.
Lady Asta! How's your mother been? We should hang out more!
Looks like we're working together on this one... I suppose an extra pair of eyes won't hurt.
It's a bull market.
Gotta know the risks...
Let the asset valuation begin.
The market always fluctuates. Whenever you're ready~
Still no repayments?
Smash them up, Numby!
Steady...
Better cut our losses...
The market is unpredictable...
Huh? Right! Investing in victory... means playing the long game!
Didn't file... leave application...
*yawn* ...Time for overtime.
Pretty good perks~
Project wrapped!
Hard work pays off~
A little extra for the quarterly bonus⁓
Just a little test.
Hey, you! Time to check your books.
Time for a break. Silent mode activated!
Easy, Numby! Easy~
Liquidation!
Don't forget the interest!
Assets confiscated!
Ooh, free stuff!
Another project over the finish line!
Take him back to the hotel room!
—I'll organize a meeting later to properly go over how this incident report should be written!
Long time no see, Astral Express crew. Aventurine has told me a lot about your happenings... Hmm?
...It's fine. Do as they ask, and try to avoid any conflicts with The Family... Report to me before taking any action. Mhm. Yes, alright.
...As you see — the IPC isn't very popular here on Penacony. Cordiality from The Family is a mere facade. The former frontier prison has turned around and cuffed its shackles on the IPC staff now.
Only Aventurine, who carries an invitation is allowed to attend the banquet. An entourage like us... We can only sit around in the reality Hotel, unauthorized to even enter dreams.
His situation isn't optimistic, I hear. You're all helping to investigate some... dirt on The Family, are you not? Let me know if you need anything outside the Dreamscape. The IPC always treats its partners well.
Yep, they're tailing us right now. Why not go and talk to them... it'll take the spotlight off me, being constantly stared at is really uncomfortable.
How does it feel to be in business with Aventurine? I bet you're not used to it.
That's just his style. "All or nothing" is his mantra. He's always cozying up to his clients while egging them on to undertake some dangerous assignment with him... But everyone has their merits, so I won't comment further.
But Aventurine's luck has always been good. He's always closed all his cases without a hitch, and basically never lost a gamble. Which is why on the issue of retaking Penacony I'm watching with keen interest.
Of course. It's business, after all. What's important is where you're seated at the table.
As for the two cases... Apologies, but I don't have much info on them either. All I can do is ask you to keep digging for more details.
Please continue to investigate the case. All I can do is sit tight in the real world. I look forward to hearing your progress.
The light of the aventurine stone... has disappeared.
This only represents one outcome...
Hmph...?
As planned, your cornerstone has been successfully sent to The Family's territory. Then—
Sure, leave it to me.
In summary, it's good news — after much deliberation from the Strategic Investment Department's council, the absolute majority of members have agreed to the following resolutions:
"In light of long-term considerations for interastral peace, and by authority of Pier Point HQ, the Strategic Investment Department — on behalf of the Interastral Peace Corporation — will permanently relinquish its claim on Penacony sovereignty, and offer unconditional support of The Family's rebuilding efforts on Penacony."
600 years old...
Provisional evaluation would value it at approximately 270,000...
With 34 of this type of painting...
That comes to 9,180,000...
Oh! It's you two again. This is the third time today we've run into each other.
Why, of course I will! Meeting friends from the Astral Express is always a moment worth cherishing!
Oh, did my Smart-Reply function tell you where I was? It's a system developed by the Technology Department. Pretty neat, right?
What do you make of this painting? I'm no expert, but just from the artist's strokes I can tell it's no ordinary piece.
It portrays a certain kind of... sorrow, you know? Not your everyday kind of sadness — it runs much deeper than that.
It's as if the artist has condensed history into one poignant, but sorrowful image. The artist's brushwork depicts a generation's — no, several generations' hardships...
Not at all, the analysis of an aficionado. I wouldn't take my word for it.
The Express has visited many worlds. I'm sure the Nameless have a far greater knowledge of such things than myself.
Haha, you flatter me! The Express has visited many worlds. I'm sure the Nameless have a far greater knowledge of such things than myself.
I suppose what I'm trying to say is, what I'm drawn to isn't the style in which a piece is painted, but its overall value. Its intrinsic value may only be 50,000 credits, but its "added value" might push the total up to 200,000.
Oh? A collaboration between our two sides, perhaps?
Let's walk and talk — this way!
Most exhibits in this museum are of little value.
But with a keen eye, it's possible to find a diamond in the rough, so to speak.
...Oh? You two are closer than I expected with her.
So, how can I help? Not sure on the arrangement, or...?
I see.
You're so direct — I like that!
I understand. From your point of view, I can see how unreasonable it appears.
However, you must understand that debt collection is a big part of my job. I've dealt with cases far more difficult than Belobog's.
I appreciate each case has its difficulties, but if I treated every late debtor as a "special case," the galaxy's economy would come to a grinding halt.
Haha~ I've heard that before — more than a few times, actually.
The Strategic Investment Department is well-versed in handling such situations. We can offer the debtor various repayment solutions...
...but Jarilo-VI has far exceeded the allotted repayment period. I'm afraid milder solutions aren't the order of the day. So, I proposed to Bronya...
Oops! I almost gave away trade secrets there, didn't I? That was a close one.
The exhibits here are pretty ordinary — I estimate they're probably not worth much. Let's keep moving.
When you think about it, it's just another part of the cycle of life.
Glad to make your acquaintance — I'm Topaz, an investment expert from the Interastral Peace Corporation. I'm here on Jarilo-VI for a special business assignment.
You'll have to forgive my colleague here — people skills aren't his strong suit. Please don't take it to heart.
No kidding! I could tell you weren't locals from a mile away, but I didn't expect to run into two Nameless here! Fate is such a curious thing⁓
I heard that Jarilo-VI only stepped out of the Stellaron's shadow thanks to the direct intervention of the Trailblazers. Surely, you two aren't...?
I never imagined I'd run into living legends here. Must be our lucky day, huh, Numby?
More good luck, I suppose. But it's not as cushy as you think — scurrying from one side of the galaxy to the other, going wherever businesses require me to be...
Hehe, these "talks" aren't exactly what you might expect, but I have to agree, the Supreme Guardian definitely knows how to govern a city. That's the reason I'm here on Jarilo-VI — to meet with her.
Miss March, you said you were on your way to the Belobog festivities, right? My apologies for delaying you both!
Thanks for the concern, but I'll manage. It's my first time on this world — I'd like to take in its vast, iconic snowscape for just a little longer.
Who knows, maybe we'll cross paths again during the celebrations. Oh, here's my contact information. I don't usually respond during work hours, but I'd be happy to chat off the clock⁓
Hahaha, you two make a cute pair! Anyway, I'd better be on my way, see you next time!
I understand the difficulties that this world is facing, Supreme Guardian. Belobog's current financial burden cannot be pinned on you, nor anyone else for that matter.
However, objectively speaking, since Belobog has existed as an independent entity to this day, its debt cannot simply be written off.
...Oh, it looks like we have some visitors!
It's no bother, we've pretty much wrapped things up already, anyway.
Please consider my plans carefully, Supreme Guardian. If Jarilo-VI wants to rebuild its connections with the rest of the galaxy, your credit record with the IPC will be of great importance.
Naturally. However, while you're deliberating, my colleagues will need to carry out some operations in Belobog. I hope that your subjects in the Underworld are... cooperative.
I'm sorry our business got in the way of a reunion with old friends. I'll get out of your way.
Wow, look! Is that little critter native to Jarilo-VI!?
It's so white and fluffy! Where can I find a live one?
I absolutely adore them! Have you guys met Numby yet? Aw, where'd they go? They must be off playing somewhere.
Hmm... Come to think of it, this little guy's on display here probably means it's already extinct... right?
I suppose it probably is. Otherwise, it wouldn't be on display here.
That's such a shame! I absolutely adore little animals! Have you guys met Numby yet? I guess they're off playing somewhere.
What do you take the IPC for, Miss March? We're just the same as Belobog's Architects — we're all followers of the Preservation.
No matter what solutions we propose, we will always take the welfare of the people of Belobog into consideration. Otherwise, we'd be no different from the Legion, would we?
Don't worry yourself too much. The Supreme Guardian is a wise person. She'll understand.
But to answer your question directly — it'd take a miracle. I'll complete the Jarilo-VI project no matter what obstacles I encounter.
I wouldn't waste too much energy on this matter. Why not make the most of the festive atmosphere...?
Oh, looks like one of my colleagues is after me. My apologies, but I should probably take this. Bye!
Hello — it's Mr. Svarog, isn't it? And this cute little girl must be Clara!
I'm Topaz! I've come to have a chat with Mr. Svarog.
So, it seems my source was right: Who'd have thought that such a strong bond could exist between a giant robot and a little girl...? So heartwarming!
Straight to the point, huh? I like your style.
Jarilo-VI — are robots familiar with that term? Anyway, it refers to the planet we're currently standing on. It's about to become the property of the IPC.
No one can reverse this outcome. Not you, not the Nameless, nor any power in the galaxy.
I only care about one thing right now — demonstrating to the shareholders of the IPC that Jarilo-VI can generate value.
In the long run, this is a way — the ONLY way — to ensure Belobog's long-term interests. I need your help to achieve this goal.
That's simple, I'll show you.
Source code. Or to be more precise — source code that is able to take control of all mechanized units in Belobog.
I'm sure you're familiar with this — all mechanized units manufactured in Belobog over the last 700 years utilize the underlying systems created by the IPC. The code is so refined that the engineers never saw any reason to change it.
I assume you're also aware that there was once a large automaton factory in the Underworld. Thousands upon thousands of automatons — enough to crush the Legion's vanguard — lay dormant within.
This is my bargaining chip for negotiating with the higher-ups. I'll convince them that Jarilo-VI has a place in the company's long-term strategies.
But first, I need a guide to show me where these automatons are buried.
Their future has already been purchased. All I can do is make them accept this fact, using a relatively peaceful approach.
...Oh? So, you're not as stubborn as the rumors suggest.
Your calculations are slightly on the conservative side.
Here's to our future cooperation! If you wouldn't mind leading the way, Mr. Svarog.
Miss Bronya — if you'll permit me to call you that — I'd like to share a story with you from my own life.
In your eyes, the IPC may seem heartless or cruel, but in reality, we all have a story to tell. As for myself, I was born on a small, unremarkable planet at the edge of the galaxy — a place whose name is known only to the native inhabitants.
My home planet was extremely resource-poor. To survive, people worked laboriously, manufacturing products for other civilizations in the galaxy — mostly in the chemical or heavy industries.
Given these circumstances, the natural environment of my home planet became increasingly harsh. I don't recall the exact moment when it happened, but people started wearing respirators just to walk down the street. All you could hear were the wheezing coughs of the people — day and night.
My home was facing its demise. The relatively wealthy chose interstellar migration and started anew. The majority who stayed could only struggle on amidst sewage, acid rain, and dust, waiting for the end.
Finally, one fateful day, the IPC arrived on my home planet. They had the technology to repair our planet's damaged environment. In return for their help, they asked for just one thing — that all inhabitants sign a contract which would make them employees of the IPC.
Two years after signing the contract, the dark clouds and haze disappeared, and people began to take off their masks. After three years, vegetation and trees began to grow and thrive again. After five years, many animals — previously on the brink of extinction — reappeared.
When I was finally old enough, I officially became a member of the Strategic Investment Department. I witnessed the changes that took place on my home world and was determined to bring the same changes to many other worlds in the galaxy that were experiencing the same plight.
I am writing to you, Miss Bronya, with the genuine desire to express something important...
I know freedom is precious to people, but in reality there are things of much greater value... such as survival.
How many generations of Belobogians will it take to embrace the stars again without assistance? Who can guarantee that every future Guardian will be as prudent and enlightened as you? How can you guarantee that a disaster such as the Stellaron Crisis will not descend upon Belobog yet again?
I have already negotiated the best possible deal for you. Once you sign this contract, all of Belobog's debts will be forgiven. In addition, the IPC will set up a special team to support the reconstruction of Jarilo-VI.
I can understand that for you, this is an extremely difficult decision, because you, and you alone will bear the fate of all Belobogians.
But because of this, I believe that you will make the right decision — a decision that will truly benefit your people.
Well, would you look at that. I never would've guessed it'd be here.
But I don't see any mech or weapons... This place is completely surrounded by mountains — surely they can't be...
No wonder we couldn't find the "automaton factory." It was right under our noses all along.
...Wait a minute, you said these weapons have been hidden here from the very beginning? That means the Architects of Jarilo-VI never used them in their fight against the Legion.
I see... The stories about this world are truly captivating.
Haha, you're awful polite for a big robot. Ask! Don't be shy!
...
Yes. I've gone through countless case studies and they all point to the same conclusion: Any world that comes into contact with a Stellaron is doomed.
On the surface, things may appear to be getting better since the Astral Express lent a helping hand, but sooner or later the underlying problems will resurface.
A looming crisis can often lie hidden beneath the illusion of prosperity, unnoticed by many.
"Understood..." That's it? You don't have any thoughts on the matter?
Ha... If only my colleagues had the same self-awareness as you.
Come on Numby, we've got some assessing to do.
Oh, hey there slowpokes! I was starting to think you weren't gonna show up.
Hmm... This lady next to Miss March looks oddly familiar.
Oh wow, I remember now, the illustrious Miss Himeko! Some of my colleagues dream about meeting you!
Of course! The Nameless have quite the reputation — you're following in the footsteps of the great Akivili, after all!
I'd be surprised if you didn't! Don't underestimate the reputation of the Nameless out among the stars — you're following in the footsteps of the great Akivili, after all!
Of course! The deadline has already passed, but Bronya still hasn't signed the contract. I think I can guess what's holding her back...
Haha, there's no fooling the Astral Express!
You're absolutely right. Differing views don't necessarily mean one person is right and the other is wrong. However, to keep things moving forward, there's usually only one solution...
My superiors have granted me the approval I need.
You're very curious about my work, aren't you?
Haha, I wish!
So many eager faces — I won't keep you in the dark any longer.
Approval to launch an attack on the members of the Astral Express...
Incredible! No wonder the Astral Express is so highly regarded!
Finished warming up? Now it's my turn...
Supreme Guardian? I was starting to wonder whether you'd left the Express crew to fend for themselves! That would hardly be becoming of you.
...MORE important than this?
...Help you? Hmm, that's interesting. I was under the impression you'd already decided to obstruct our operations here.
...I have to admit, talking to you is always such a pleasure. I apologize for my behavior just now, it was... inappropriate.
I admire your determination. Seeing as we've come this far... I've changed my mind — I'll hold off a little longer and see what you have to show me. But remember — winning over the higher-ups won't be easy.
Not at all... which is why I find it so incredible... Such a massive feat of engineering, yet there's not a single mention of it in any of the Strategic Investment Department's reports.
So what you're saying is... the "Engine of Creation" was a weapon constructed by the Belobogians themselves?
Remarkable. A vision that would transcend both time and generations of Belobogians. Madam Rand was truly an inspiring leader.
Not to take away from the Supreme Guardian in front of me... Hehe, she's quite the inspiring leader as well.
...I must say, I didn't anticipate this at all.
I'll fight for this opportunity for you, Bronya. I shouldn't have conflated your own circumstances with my childhood. That was a serious lapse of judgment on my part.
My world never had a resolute leader, so people gave up on the idea of saving themselves long ago. But your civilization has persisted through the snow and storms for 700 years... A truly admirable feat.
...Unfortunately the acquisition of Jarilo-VI is a strategic decision that's been approved by the IPC's top brass. Even if I wanted to overturn it, convincing them would be extremely difficult.
Unless...
Fantastic! That might just work. As for the reports and potential accountability...
...I'll handle it.
...
I have no objections.
...
...Aventurine? Why are you still on the line?
...Can I help you? If you've got something to say, say it already.
...Anything else? If not, I'm hanging up.
Taravan?
...
Huh, and what prompted the mighty Aventurine to start collaborating with others?
...What?
Hold on a minute... Diamond picked you for this project? I was expecting someone like Opal or Obsidian to handle it — at least somebody higher than rank P46...
Don't worry, it's nothing I can't handle. There are more important things than titles and ranks — finding the best solution is what matters most.
If that's what they want to do, then so be it. I've long passed the stage of working just for money.
Haha, that's unlikely. At most, they might lower my rank and reduce my bonus a bit. But don't worry, I work for far more than just a paycheck.
A rift? I wouldn't go that far. Also, it's me who's mostly to blame — I didn't keep my subordinates in check.
Oh? Thinking about a career change?
17? Oh... I think I might know who you're talking about.
You could say he's a special case. For most people the interview process is much shorter.
I appreciate the offer, but I need to head back and deliver my reports.
What a dismal sight. This district... Have you been here before?
...
...I'll get back to you later.
...Seems it's just one wild ride after another...
...but I hope I made the right decision this time...
This snow is mesmerizing...
Ahh, I'm just messing with you — lighten up!
Haha, so you've noticed. Well, we're hardly strangers, better to skip the formalities, right?
I'm definitely not the first IPC staff member to board the Astral Express. I've heard that the IPC and the Nameless cooperated frequently when Akivili the Trailblazer was still around.
I've also heard that the board once considered spending a fortune to buy out the Astral Express and to make it part of their business... However, all their offers were quickly declined.
Just between you and me, I think declining the offers was a smart choice.
Capital definitely plays a critical role in the universe... but if everything in the world revolved around it, then life would be a lot less romantic... don't you think?
Say, aren't there any forms to fill out for boarding the express? No contract to be signed? How about a deposit? Tsk, at least tell me there's a guarantee...
Nothing...? Hmm, interesting... So it's all based on interpersonal credit? Huh, I'm amazed everything runs on something so fragile!
Hmm, I suppose most passengers don't pay much attention to the plant life around them... Never mind⁓
Asters, you know, Asters...
Ahem, never mind. I can tell from the look on your face that you have no idea what I'm talking about.
Asters are a type of plant that release a unique scent — barely noticeable to humans. However, Numby is extremely sensitive to it — look!
The experts say that to certain creatures, the scent these plants release is like a big pot of caramelized honey. Most small creatures lose their minds over it.
The bad side is that Aster leaves actually contain an extremely strong neurotoxin. If an animal were to find one by following its scent and take a bite of it...
Ah! What a terrible plant! Numby, don't eat anything you're not supposed to, okay!?
Is someone really growing Asters on the Express? That's quite a bold thing to do!
I have my eyes on you, Numby! Make sure you don't eat anything you're not supposed to.
I'm getting so bored here that I've started practicing mental math to pass the time... Since you're here, why don't you test me? Make it a hard one.
4567.
71,642.
Huh? Hmm, we'd have to assign them both a numerical value based on a shared characteristic, like... cuteness? But in that case, we'd be talking astronomical values... Ugh, this one's too hard — I can't do it!
Can we go with a normal math question?
1703.
277,008.
These are so easy. You really are gentle with people, aren't you?
Come on! One more — and make it challenging!
31.
191 multiplied by 383.
Hold on a second... That's obviously a chemistry problem.
...but that doesn't stop me from knowing the answer! It's glutamic acid, isn't it?
This is fun! I'm impressed by your ability to come up with such interesting questions on the spot!
I haven't met anyone as interesting as you for a while. We should talk more when we get another chance!
What was that saying again...? Oh, right, "Math, physics, and chemistry are your key to the future!"
Don't forget to continue learning new stuff even after you've found a job!
Hmm, afraid Numby's not a fan...
I'm just gonna take them to the dining carriage... Let's go, Numby!
Oh? Seems like Numby really likes that!
Still looks kinda hungry, though... I'm just gonna take them to the dining carriage. Let's go, Numby!
Uhh... Numby's hungry, not thirsty.
I'm just gonna take them to the dining carriage... Let's go, Numby!
By the way... Where's the dining carriage?
I should ask the conductor.
Huh...? Are you serious? 15% drop on opening?
Hmm... strange. Don't worry, I'll have someone check it out.
Jackie, can you hear me? I need you to call the chairman for me...
Ugh! Chairman Carlos of Tulas Pharmaceuticals, obviously! Knock it off with the amateur questions!
...Jade is looking for me? I'll contact her in five minutes.
Barry needs me too...? Put him on another line — I have something urgent to take care of. I'll contact him later.
As a gesture of appreciation for the Astral Express' continuous support for our business, the Strategic Investment Department has prepared a gift for the Crew.
There's no need to be modest! The most important thing about consumer relations is the bond between us. I hope everyone will continue to support our work in the future!
Where are you guys headed next? If a colleague of mine happens to be there, I can give them a heads-up and have them show you guys around.
That's what friends are for — don't be a stranger. Not everyone in the IPC is driven by pure ambition, y'know⁓
Making a mess wherever you go... I should have disbanded this "support squad" months ago.
If apologies were enough, there'd be no need for a Talent Motivation Department, would there? I've received a report about your misdeeds — I may have to include the results in your performance reviews.
I've spoken to Miss Asta — she proposed that the two of you should decide what to do with the Aether Spirit... Her only requirement is that you keep her updated.
Mm, you should take this opportunity to enjoy the rest of the tournament — no need to rush to a decision now.
Hehe, correct, but I haven't come here to challenge a championship contender.
As the titleholder of last year's championship, I've earned a place in this year's final... but my visit here today is purely to discuss matters with the event sponsor.
There's been a lot of buzz lately about an "elite player" who's been making waves in the gaming community — I want to discuss the situation with Mr. Giovanni.
Hahaha, you're too kind. Compared to Mr. Giovanni, I'm practically a novice.
Hahaha, it's embarrassing to admit, but I did face off against that player... Unfortunately, I didn't quite measure up.
I'm afraid I can't reveal that — Mr. Giovanni specifically reminded me to keep some "surprises" in store for you.
Hey, don't lose heart, I'm rooting for you all the way!
Hey, don't lose heart, I'm rooting for you all the way!
As a fellow player, I can still give you some good advice — like how the mechanisms in this Victory Zone work, for example.
Take a look — simply follow this path, and you'll eventually bump into the guide for this Victory Zone.
If you need any information, your best bet is to talk to the guide. Unfortunately, I've got a few other matters to attend to right now, but I wish you both the best of luck!
Watch and learn — there's a reason they call me a champion!
You're tougher than I thought... Time to step up my game!
Just as expected, you and the little trotter made it to the final!
So... you guys been having fun?
Haha, that's the whole point of a festival, right?
Oh, really? I'm sorry to hear that.
Is that so? You don't look too tired to me.
Anyway, since you're both here it only means one thing... war! An Aetherium War, that is...
I hope you're all set... I've been relishing this duel for quite some time — don't disappoint me, now.
I'm liking the energy...
...time to see if it was skill or just pure luck that got you to this point!
Incredible... Mr. Giovanni wasn't kidding when he said I'd be up against some exceptional players!
What an amazing display of skill! You've rightfully earned the title of "champions!"
Haha, you haven't let the victory go to your heads! And you're right, according to Mr. Giovanni's plan you've still got a little more to do.
I'm sure he'll reach out later and fill you in on the details...
For now, I suggest you forget about that and enjoy your victory, you've earned it after all!
Congratulations on becoming the Interastral Tournament Festival champions!
Congrats to you both — you're champions now.
That's right, but I'll let Miss Asta explain the specifics.
I'll request a beating for you lot! You've been told not to drink during work hours!
Take them out!? Just hang tight for a second, I'm on my way. Don't do anything stupid.
Yikes, enough already. Don't make a spectacle.
Yanqing, lieutenant of the Luofu Cloud Knights, reporting in! If you have some free time, {NICKNAME}, would you mind sparring with me? Don't worry, I won't go easy on you.
What kind of sword training will you do today? Do you wish for me to accompany you?
The sword needs to return to its scabbard... See you tomorrow, Teacher!
There are no more fitting opponents for me on the Luofu, but out there among the stars... there may be someone yet.
I can talk all day about swords made by the Artisanship Commission. I always buy two swords per model: one for the battlefield and one for my collection... Buuut my allowances might run a bit short by the end of the month. I'm sure the general will buy me food and things if I nag him a bit...
Not having the title of Sword Champion just means my skill still needs sharpening, but the general said I don't need more skills, just more time... *sigh* How exactly am I worse than that Sword Champion...
After buying a new sword, I would spend even more effort on the scabbard. Should the body be made of black pear wood, or silk? Should the locket and the carrying ring be dragon- or tiger-shaped? And the chape, the decorative plaque... It's great fun deciding on each piece!
Sometimes I find multiple good sheaths for a new sword, and I end up buying them all. And yet, one sword can only use one sheath...
"What can one do after one has made history?" I once asked the general this question, but he said he can't answer it because he never wanted to be a general, and that I should try to answer it myself. Um...
Like the other Xianzhou ships, the Luofu also holds the Stellar Martial Competition to test the strength of the Cloud Knights, and whoever wins the sword competition receives the title of Sword Champion!
The general has no need to show his martial prowess with me around. Since he acknowledges my strength, I need to help shoulder his burdens that much more!
Tingyun would ask me to write introductory pieces for blades when her Codex on Goods contains a section on them.
Sushang has a good sword, but a good sword is not always an easy-to-use sword. One needs to apply ten times more power to make it perform just one-tenth better.
I visited the Sky-Faring Commission once and saw Madam Yukong staring alone at the leather target for a long time. She didn't fire a single arrow that day, but perhaps she did shoot thousands in her mind.
So, Diviner Fu wants to be the general... Well, firstly, she needs to fix the issue where everyone just wants to nap as soon as she starts to talk.
At first, I thought he always fights using that sword casket. That thing looks really strange... I need to figure out a way to fight him and get him to use his skills for real...
I remember her... One time she was carrying a beautiful sword, so I thought I'd strike up a conversation. But then she swallowed the sword down her throat! To this day I still haven't figured out which sword-fighting style that technique is from...
It feels like the stars just got brighter...
How many battles lie between me and my dreams?
My swordplay is ready. Time to put it to the test.
"He's got a bright future." If I had a strale for every time I heard that one...
Orders received, General.
What's your outlook for the coming battle, Master Diviner?
Cloud Knights assemble!
Is my swordplay good enough to learn from a master like him?
Is my swordplay good enough to learn from a master like him?
The general let you off the hook. Consider yourself lucky.
Hmph, a one-time enemy.
A strong adversary. Help me improve!
So, how many of my moves can you block?
The sword is like water, it cannot remain still.
Blade, in flight.
How...?
Impressive.
Practice is over.
Swords, descend!
I've dishonored... the blade...
I won't underestimate the enemy twice.
I can breathe easy again.
Shift the balance.
Victory by the blade~
This can go towards my allowance.
No need to pester the general for a while!
Cooool.
Let's go say hi!
Wonder if I'll discover any rare swords...
Time for some swordplay!
Strike... with heart!
A few more like this and I can buy a new sword!
It worked! Save the next one for me too!
Yanqing, lieutenant of the Luofu Cloud Knights, reporting in! If you have some free time, {NICKNAME}, would you mind sparring with me? Don't worry, I won't go easy on you.
What kind of sword training will you do today? Do you wish for me to accompany you?
The sword needs to return to its scabbard... See you tomorrow, Teacher!
There are no more fitting opponents for me on the Luofu, but out there among the stars... there may be someone yet.
I can talk all day about swords made by the Artisanship Commission. I always buy two swords per model: one for the battlefield and one for my collection... Buuut my allowances might run a bit short by the end of the month. I'm sure the general will buy me food and things if I nag him a bit...
Not having the title of Sword Champion just means my skill still needs sharpening, but the general said I don't need more skills, just more time... *sigh* How exactly am I worse than that Sword Champion...
After buying a new sword, I would spend even more effort on the scabbard. Should the body be made of black pear wood, or silk? Should the locket and the carrying ring be dragon- or tiger-shaped? And the chape, the decorative plaque... It's great fun deciding on each piece!
Sometimes I find multiple good sheaths for a new sword, and I end up buying them all. And yet, one sword can only use one sheath...
"What can one do after one has made history?" I once asked the general this question, but he said he can't answer it because he never wanted to be a general, and that I should try to answer it myself. Um...
Like the other Xianzhou ships, the Luofu also holds the Stellar Martial Competition to test the strength of the Cloud Knights, and whoever wins the sword competition receives the title of Sword Champion!
The general has no need to show his martial prowess with me around. Since he acknowledges my strength, I need to help shoulder his burdens that much more!
Tingyun would ask me to write introductory pieces for blades when her Codex on Goods contains a section on them.
Sushang has a good sword, but a good sword is not always an easy-to-use sword. One needs to apply ten times more power to make it perform just one-tenth better.
I visited the Sky-Faring Commission once and saw Madam Yukong staring alone at the leather target for a long time. She didn't fire a single arrow that day, but perhaps she did shoot thousands in her mind.
So, Diviner Fu wants to be the general... Well, firstly, she needs to fix the issue where everyone just wants to nap as soon as she starts to talk.
At first, I thought he always fights using that sword casket. That thing looks really strange... I need to figure out a way to fight him and get him to use his skills for real...
I remember her... One time she was carrying a beautiful sword, so I thought I'd strike up a conversation. But then she swallowed the sword down her throat! To this day I still haven't figured out which sword-fighting style that technique is from...
It feels like the stars just got brighter...
How many battles lie between me and my dreams?
My swordplay is ready. Time to put it to the test.
"He's got a bright future." If I had a strale for every time I heard that one...
Orders received, General.
What's your outlook for the coming battle, Master Diviner?
Cloud Knights assemble!
Is my swordplay good enough to learn from a master like him?
Is my swordplay good enough to learn from a master like him?
The general let you off the hook. Consider yourself lucky.
Hmph, a one-time enemy.
A strong adversary. Help me improve!
So, how many of my moves can you block?
The sword is like water, it cannot remain still.
Blade, in flight.
How...?
Impressive.
Practice is over.
Swords, descend!
I've dishonored... the blade...
I won't underestimate the enemy twice.
I can breathe easy again.
Shift the balance.
Victory by the blade~
This can go towards my allowance.
No need to pester the general for a while!
Cooool.
Let's go say hi!
Wonder if I'll discover any rare swords...
Time for some swordplay!
Strike... with heart!
A few more like this and I can buy a new sword!
It worked! Save the next one for me too!
Yanqing, lieutenant of the Luofu Cloud Knights, reporting in! If you have some free time, {NICKNAME}, would you mind sparring with me? Don't worry, I won't go easy on you.
What kind of sword training will you do today? Do you wish for me to accompany you?
The sword needs to return to its scabbard... See you tomorrow, Teacher!
There are no more fitting opponents for me on the Luofu, but out there among the stars... there may be someone yet.
I can talk all day about swords made by the Artisanship Commission. I always buy two swords per model: one for the battlefield and one for my collection... Buuut my allowances might run a bit short by the end of the month. I'm sure the general will buy me food and things if I nag him a bit...
Not having the title of Sword Champion just means my skill still needs sharpening, but the general said I don't need more skills, just more time... *sigh* How exactly am I worse than that Sword Champion...
After buying a new sword, I would spend even more effort on the scabbard. Should the body be made of black pear wood, or silk? Should the locket and the carrying ring be dragon- or tiger-shaped? And the chape, the decorative plaque... It's great fun deciding on each piece!
Sometimes I find multiple good sheaths for a new sword, and I end up buying them all. And yet, one sword can only use one sheath...
"What can one do after one has made history?" I once asked the general this question, but he said he can't answer it because he never wanted to be a general, and that I should try to answer it myself. Um...
Like the other Xianzhou ships, the Luofu also holds the Stellar Martial Competition to test the strength of the Cloud Knights, and whoever wins the sword competition receives the title of Sword Champion!
The general has no need to show his martial prowess with me around. Since he acknowledges my strength, I need to help shoulder his burdens that much more!
Tingyun would ask me to write introductory pieces for blades when her Codex on Goods contains a section on them.
Sushang has a good sword, but a good sword is not always an easy-to-use sword. One needs to apply ten times more power to make it perform just one-tenth better.
I visited the Sky-Faring Commission once and saw Madam Yukong staring alone at the leather target for a long time. She didn't fire a single arrow that day, but perhaps she did shoot thousands in her mind.
So, Diviner Fu wants to be the general... Well, firstly, she needs to fix the issue where everyone just wants to nap as soon as she starts to talk.
At first, I thought he always fights using that sword casket. That thing looks really strange... I need to figure out a way to fight him and get him to use his skills for real...
I used to think there was only one way to become a true swordmaster... but General, Jingliu, and even myself... we all ended up on different paths.
When I fought Dan Heng, his spear mastery was almost perfect... but he was completely detached from it as an art. Maybe for him it's just a means to an end?
He can detect any swing of the sword before it lands... Would I be able to defeat him with my swordplay alone?
I remember her... One time she was carrying a beautiful sword, so I thought I'd strike up a conversation. But then she swallowed the sword down her throat! To this day I still haven't figured out which sword-fighting style that technique is from...
General, Diviner Fu wants the general's position for herself. Everyone knows that.
This Stellaron thing is easy. Blade escaped, now we gotta go get him. Just say the word and I'll solve this in a flash.
Tsk, you think I'd lose to Blade?
I say we bring those two Stellaron Hunters before Diviner Fu — she'll get an answer out of them in no time.
You're not murdering anyone today, fugitive. You're coming with me.
Hey, move back. Things are about to... Huh?
You... you look so familiar...
General!
General!? I...
...
Yingxing, Imbibitor Lunae... You've been running for too long. It's time to go back to The Shackling Prison!
Edged companion!
Smile all you like — that wasn't the only sword in the air.
I won't fail the general!
I've heard of you, Imbibitor Lunae...
First it was the Stellaron Hunters, now an exiled criminal has infiltrated the Xianzhou...
Save your excuses for the Shackling Prison.
Silence! You're not getting away either!
Surrender!
You two just won't give up...
I only have one choice...
This... isn't over...
Oh hi, I know we haven't got the chance to get acquainted, but I've heard a lot of good things about the crew from the general. I have to say I'm very impressed.
So soon?
*sigh* I wanted to help the general, but things didn't turn out how I wanted them to be. I've learned my lesson.
Also, I have a rather abrupt request.
I'm worried that he still holds some grudge against me. But to be honest, I'd love to have another spar with him.
Deal.
Safe travels.
Safe travels.
General, the ceremony has finished. You should take a rest.
Stellaron Hunters... The general was merciful enough to let you live, but you haven't shown the slightest bit of gratitude.
...Why are you here?
...You witch!
Ugh, I can't use deadly force — they've been bewitched by the Stellaron Hunters...
...But I can deal with you like the mara-struck — I just need to immobilize you.
How long does she plan on staying?
Well, if it isn't Dan Heng.
Hmph, looking for compensation for the injuries I gave you? I accept full responsibility — they can deduct my next hundred years' salary if they like...
Be careful. Don't underestimate her...
Have you mistaken yourself for a tourist?
How hard is it to choose a destination? We're going to Stargazer Navalia — problem solved.
If it's starskiffs you wanted to see, we could've headed to the Jade Gate. Why did we come all the way here?
Baiheng... I think I've seen that name somewhere before...
Huh...? You mean the foxian soul-soothing ceremony?
I see... Follow me.
Careful. There are still Stellaron spirits lurking around.
I don't know anything about manufacturing starskiffs either...
...but getting these machines to work shouldn't be too hard.
We've arrived. All ship production in Stargazer Navalia starts here.
Just enter the command into the device. The vessel used to cultivate starskiff seeds will be activated, and a ship will appear in the skyport soon after.
Ah... I remember now. I've seen Baiheng's name in books before.
Hey! I don't read much, but the General forced me to finish a bunch of ancient volumes during my training. I remember one called Views of the Universe From a Starskiff — the author's name was "Baiheng."
It was actually really interesting — 90% of it was about starskiff crashes on different worlds and dangerous situations. It also had records of local species and ecosystems.
I remember thinking — how could an ace pilot crash-land her starskiff so many times... then I realized that every time, she made the best of the situation and got back alive. Her luck really was out of this world.
That'll do it. The starskiff assembly line has been activated.
The starskiff will take shape and enter the skyport. Let's go wait for it there, it won't be long.
The crisis happened too suddenly — all the craftsmen and apprentices fled. Only a single master craftsman was left to hold the line, until reinforcements arrived. That's how the Creation Furnace was saved.
What's that supposed to mean!? What's wrong with saving your own life and waiting for the Cloud Knights to arrive?
The Luofu's delves are big places... Besides, some of the troops were deployed to the Yaoqing's campaign. The Cloud Knights were spread thin — it was impossible to guard everywhere at once.
You just want me to do all the work. You think I'm gonna grant endless requests for a criminal?
Come on, already!
What took you so long this time?
What's taking so long...?
Did she get rid of me on purpose...
Dan Heng... the general wants me to forget about everything I saw today.
I understand... These disputes are far too complicated for me right now. Swordplay's a lot simpler.
I have some close friends of my own in the Cloud Knights... Will we fall out the way you guys did?
Goodbye for now, Dan Heng. I hope the next time we meet, it will be under happier circumstances.
See? The starskiff is complete.
So... what happened to Baiheng in the end?
Hmm?
I've got my work cut out for me today...
You didn't go easy just so I would get here first, did you?
Hmm... So are we here to commemorate your short-life species friend?
Hmph, even the cryo capsules wouldn't be able to extend the life expectancy of a short-life species for long. If he is still alive, he must be ancient.
For an old friend, you don't seem to have that much pity...
Order's already been restored to the Alchemy Commission... Why are we here?
This is Yanqing, retainer to General Jing Yuan.
I'm in active pursuit of a fugitive. The situation is unpredictable and developing rapidly, so I've planted this jade tracer to record my whereabouts in case I lose contact.
If anyone finds this tracer, please take it to the Seat of Divine Foresight so the Cloud Knights have the necessary intel to act swiftly.
Captain, could you spare a moment?
The general already has a lot on his plate. As his retainer, it's my duty to share the burden...
Nothing new to report, I assume?
Or perhaps he had no intention of escaping in the first place.
That's why I'm here — to help the general eliminate those demons.
Ahem... This is a covert operation.
I appreciate the gesture... but the fewer people who know about a covert operation, the better.
Making a big show of it will only scare the snake deeper into the grass... A good hunter must operate alone.
Blade tracking entry: Traces run cold at Starskiff Haven.
I'll have to ask the Cloud Knights in the area if they saw anything...
Hmm... A fugitive would still have to rely on starskiffs to travel between different delves.
If we start by investigating the starskiff he stole, maybe we can get a lead...
The best prey is one that leaves traces.
Here Diting, let's follow the scent!
Civilians are still getting attacked? Where are the Cloud Knights?
Hey, don't panic, I'll get you out of there!
Huh? They were on their feet a second ago...
Just doing my job. The port has been sealed off, why are you here alone?
You chose a bad time for a visit I'm afraid — there's been an incident. It won't take long for the general to fix it, though. This place isn't safe — we should head to the nearest Cloud Knight garrison.
By the way, did you see a man with long hair and black clothes around here...?
You... you can't see? Apologies, I thought...
My name is Yanqing — I'm registered with the Cloud Knights. And your name is...?
Nice to meet you. Um... Miss Jingliu, allow me to lead the way. We might have to take a bit of a detour, but I promise to get you to the Cloud Knights safely.
Shh, quiet... We've got trouble to deal with first.
Wait here a moment, miss — I'll be right back.
Where did these guys come from? Huh, the general was right — there's a threat lurking on the Xianzhou itself.
You... you saw that?
Uh, haha, thanks miss.
Huh...?
...I guess the connection between music and swordplay is real after all. The general told me something similar — he said my swordplay was too proud and angular. He said it lacked the maturity required to win the title of Sword Champion...
Right! Ever since the Sedition of Imbibitor Lunae, the title of Sword Champion has gone unclaimed. But once everything settles down and the Combat Arts Ceremony returns, it's a title I'm determined to win!
I see you're no stranger to the art — I won't keep you in suspense. My master is none other than General Jing Yuan of the Luofu.
I know you haven't visited for a long time, but surely you've heard of General Jing Yuan? He says he has no affinity with the sword — that his skills are getting rusty... Well, if that's true, I never noticed from his training.
The starskiff voyage log can be accessed through the dock navigator array.
Active starskiff, active starskiff... there!
This one goes past the Divination Commission and the Artisanship Commission...
Well, my work here is finished. Now to make sure you get to a safe destination.
Correct, so we're not going there. I'm taking you to The Shackling Prison. Safe, well-guarded, plenty of food, and a place to sleep.
...Suspicious behavior and half-truths — those alone are reason enough. You think you can fool me just because I'm a child?
A sealed-off port with a stranded passenger? Unlikely. Not to mention you walking the whole way here without so much as a stumble — you can see as well as I can.
The biggest giveaway was you comment about my swordplay. Correctly guessing the number of swords from the sound alone? You'd have to be more than human.
You're not blind at all, are you?
Uh...
The one you're looking for... is it Blade?
Hmph, we've not even drawn swords yet and you declare yourself the winner? Let me offer you a word of advice — don't underestimate me.
And if I win...?
A Cloud Knight never gambles with official business. But in any case, you won't beat me.
"Dispatch a few knights..." Hmph, how incapable does he think I am?
I might be young now, but just you wait...
Looks like the influence of the Stellaron spirits is growing...
Tsk, the Sky-Faring Commission really made a mess of this — who knows if we'll ever find all these missing ships.
The master diviner is always boasting about her foresight. Didn't manage to foresee this disaster, did she?
To the docks. Don't worry, you'll be safe.
So are you from one of the other Xianzhou ships? The Yaoqing? The Fanghu?
The Cangcheng? There's a ship called the Cangcheng? Why haven't I heard of it...?
Miss Jingliu, how long has it been since you last set foot on the Luofu?
Uh... Just making conversation — I wanted you to know I was still here.
Alright, the coast is clear. Let's keep moving.
Show me what you've got.
I... I deflected it?
If the cycrane hadn't been damaged, we could've extracted some footage... *sigh* That's no longer an option.
The perimeter is well guarded, but there are no traces of the fugitive passing through. It seems he has no intention of leaving the Luofu for the time being.
Guess it's back to the docks again.
Let's get going, miss. Careful — take your time.
Starskiffs are blocked from entering or exiting. There's no way the fugitive got through...
But if he fled towards the interior of the ship... it'll be hard to track him down over such a vast area.
This kind of wound... is not the work of a Cloud Knight.
What's this...?
Playing dead? What a childish trick...
Eh, bad writing, terrible pacing... Wait, what was I supposed to be doing again?
Focus, Yanqing! You can't let novels distract from your duty to the general... especially not ones as crummy as this...
Who are you and what are you doing here?
"...Little one"? This little one is about to teach you a big lesson.
How was that?
Keep quiet — I don't want your words distracting me.
Enough!
How do we tell who's won?
Deal.
What if you're just using this as a chance to escape?
I didn't even see you overtake me!
Where did she go...?
But... how is that possible?
Argh!
...
...I lost.
You...
...
...
This mysterious woman also wants to find the whereabouts of Blade...
No, no matter what she wants to do with the fugitive, she must not be allowed to get to him first.
I have to pick up the pace.
Being surrounded by the universe feels... amazing. The Luofu feels like a small corner of something much, much bigger.
Yeah! All the challenges of everyday life seem to disappear when you gaze out into the universe.
Alright! Then I'll be here to bother you more often in the future.
I bet there are so many opponents out there in the universe just waiting for me to find them...
I bet there are so many opponents out there in the universe just waiting for me to find them...
I was just talking to Mr. Yang — he told me some fascinating stories.
He mentioned a 120-foot sword called Star Bane that only a giant robot could wield.
Of course, I know I'd never be able to wield such a sword, but I'd still love to see it...
Cartoon? So it's not a real sword!? But it could be real, right?
Star Bane... Hmm, once I get back I'll talk to the general about it. Perhaps he'd be willing to get the Artisanship Commission involved?
A 120-foot sword! Just thinking about it makes me excited.
Speaking of which, I noticed something recently!
Look outside — don't you think the Luofu looks like a giant flying sword? So that would mean I'm flying around on a huge sword every day!
Look outside — don't you think the Luofu looks like a giant flying sword? So that would mean I'm flying around on a huge sword every day!
I was just talking with Dan Heng, but... he never seems very interested in chatting.
Do you know any topics he'd be interested in?
Funnily enough, that was a part of our conversation...
I asked Dan Heng where he was off to, and he said he was going to the data bank to look up some material. Then he walked straight into the Archives.
I did want to ask him a few more questions, but...
Well, I did ask him where you were just now — that's how I knew you were in the Parlor Car.
I did want to ask him a few more questions, but...
That's exactly what I asked him about!
I asked all about what the Express was made of, but his answers were super short.
So if the topics I chose interest him... why is he still like that?
Oh, okay — I feel a bit better then. I was worried I spoke out of turn or upset him.
I'll keep talking to him — maybe I can eventually unlock his chattier side!
I feel a bit better then. I was worried I spoke out of turn or upset him.
I'll keep talking to him — maybe I can eventually unlock his chattier side!
Where did the Express' conductor come from?
At first, I thought Pom-Pom was like the pet the general used to keep — Snowmoon. Y'know, a cute mascot who's also a member of the family...? Anyway, I soon realized that wasn't the case — Pom-Pom has a strong presence on the Express.
Really! You don't use a sword, so I guess you wouldn't feel the presence of a swordsman in front of you... but after one look at Pom-Pom, I knew they weren't someone to be trifled with. I think they may be more masterful than myself.
I should go and ask Pom-Pom about it — maybe I could pick up a few tricks!
You don't use a sword, so I guess you wouldn't feel the presence of a swordsman in front of you... but after one look at Pom-Pom, I knew they weren't someone to be trifled with. I think they may be more masterful than myself.
I should go and ask Pom-Pom about it — maybe I could pick up a few tricks!
I just saw the Astral Express' data bank... What a shock!
Well, I knew the universe had countless opponents waiting for me to challenge them... but I saw some information in the data bank that astounded me.
That city — Belobog — it seems like such a lonely place and yet it's full of masterful fighters. When I get time, I want to take a look there.
Now's not the time — there's still more to learn. If I lose to someone on the Luofu, it doesn't matter, but if I lose to an outsider, it would disgrace the general.
I want to spend some time honing my skills... Then, when the time's right, you can take me down, and we'll see what the masters of this snowy planet can do.
Haha, just the thought of it gets my blood pumping!
I want to spend some time honing my skills... Then, when the time's right, you can take me down, and we'll see what the masters of this snowy planet can do.
Haha, just the thought of it gets my blood pumping!
The general is always telling me that a drop of water should be repaid with a spring, and that even among friends, etiquette prevails.
You're a good friend, but I can't think of any "spring" to repay you with...
Still, when I was clearing out the rear courtyard recently, I found these beautiful stones buried in the pen where Snowmoon used to live... I guess Snowmoon must've buried them there.
I don't know if they're worth anything, but they look pretty. Here, I think they'd make a nice gift for you.
I think I'll be coming to the Express more often in the future... The next time I'm here, I want to have more conversations, watch the universe, and eat some good food together with all of you!
I think I'll be coming to the Express more often in the future... The next time I'm here, I want to have more conversations, watch the universe, and eat some good food together with all of you!
Illusion?
Since each of you can see it, wouldn't that mean you'd fallen into the illusion as well?
Don't be alarmed. To me, these swords form a precious arsenal. When I gaze upon any one, a thousand sword fights dance before my eyes — the swordplay far exceeding anything I have learned.
And better yet, they welcome those who wish to pursue higher realms with open arms.
I know that this is an illusion created by a heliobus. The General sent me to assist the Ten-Lords Commission — I know a thing or two about your work...
These cosmic flames are not good nor evil, they are simply a mirror... As long as a host's mind is clear, a heliobus cannot control them.
Take me, for example... At this moment, I am free of all distractions... and I see the potential for greatness in these swords. Isn't that right, Master Apyra?
Swordsmanship isn't the only thing you can learn. As long as you want to become stronger, these swords will show you countless ways to do so. Isn't that right, Master Apyra?
The General? You lie. I've already finished my assignment at the Alchemy Commission. I have no further orders...
This is my own time. I came here to learn from Master Apyra... to learn from these swords.
Correct. Master Apyra promised to show me the flaws in my swordplay, and how to take it to the next level. That's why I brought them to Dragonprayer Terrace... where I suffered my most serious setback...
Matchless, without limits...
You're just in time. The swords have taught me something already... I'd like to see how sharp my skills have become...
Their skills are nothing compared to mine... what can I learn from any of them...
Hack... them down? I thought we were just sparring.
But...
I... I won't back down.
General...
With... With my sword...
General... I...
General... allow me... to demonstrate my swordsmanship. I hereby challenge you...
Apyra! I challenge you! I challenge these swords, to battle!
One hit, one stroke of luck, one victory.
General...
Then... to the rest of you, thank you — for bringing me out of that daze... Especially you, Miss Sushang.
Thanks for covering for me... I'm so embarrassed.
My skills are lacking... I've been through countless defeats...
...but with Apyra as my master — no longer!
A swordfight must be fought with sincerity of heart and mind... Give it your all!
But I want to fight you... and we're just getting started!
Understood!
Hmph, not on my watch.
Gallagher's the name, I'm one of the local "Hounds" around here. Step into Penacony, the Land of Dreams, Nameless one.
Evenin'. Someone's been workin' hard. Fancy a drink?
Alright, grown-ups got jobs to do. Off you go, make the best of it.
Tie's all messed up, not that you'd notice. Around Penacony, no one gives a hoot what you're wearing. They don't even care if the person they're talking to is actually real.
"Bloodhound Family" doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. What do they call me? Lapdog? Can't say they're a talented bunch, but they sure do have sharp tongues.
All these years, and SoulGlad's flavor never changes... Ah, the magic of additives.
I love strolling the streets of Penacony, watching everyone here lost in their own daydreams... I've toyed with the idea of being an interstellar villain, creating chaos throughout the universe. Worst-case scenario would be a stint in the IPC's prison. Heh, that's an idea I'm still entertaining!
Making a drink is a sensory skill. In dreams, creating fizzy concoctions requires adding a bit of your mood. Heavier if you're troubled, a touch sweeter if you're in high spirits... It's not just about mixing beverages. It's about mixing the experiences of life.
Subpar beverages and desserts usually hide behind chocolate to cover up their inferior flavor, but they don't get past me... It's probably because I can't stand chocolate.
Among the five great families, the "Hounds" bear the responsibility of safeguarding the land. So... usually it falls to me to handle anyone who steps out of line. Come to think of it, it's much easier to make someone vanish than to make them materialize.
If you ever spot a crazed teapot, or a phone booth scuttling around, chances are you've bumped into one of the troublemakers from the "Dreamjolt Troupe." No cause for alarm, though — you won't die, just maybe lose a layer of skin.
Back when the stars were still connected, this world too saw the footprints of Nameless wanderers. Sadly, Penacony never managed to remember any of their names.
Misha is a sensible kid. Me? At his age I was just a little terror, biting everyone in sight.
He reminds me of the "Odes of Harmony," but I caught a whiff of something behind the facade he puts on... something real.
We've seen many outsiders come to Penacony, but locals leaving? That's rare... She must have had her reasons.
Careful, don't get too lost in those sweet dreams.
Intuition, instinct... training can sharpen them both.
Time is slipping away fast.
Need I say more? Muscle memory never lies.
 Show me some of that Trailblazing strength again.
 Show me some of that Trailblazing strength again.
Enough gallivanting, kid. Better get to bed early, or you won't grow.
That's all you've got?
Decided to play your ace, huh?
So? In the mood for another beating?
Gonna keep going? If not, I'll catch my breath for a while.
Let's kick things off with you.
Time to mix things up.
I like that confidence.
...It's nothing.
Life's like a good brew &#8211; full-bodied and sweet.
My friends, indulge yourselves!
If I could do it all again...
My mission isn't over...
Thanks, pal.
Watch yourself.
Everyone holding up okay?
Now this smells good.
Life... is just so beautiful.
Life is just full of puzzles.
I'll be taking point.
If you're tired, just find a place to sit down for a while.
You've arrived, eh? Step up, let's see you.
How's this taste?
Haha, finders keepers.
Who knew I'd be so good at this.
Gallagher's the name, I'm one of the local "Hounds" around here. Step into Penacony, the Land of Dreams, Nameless one.
Evenin'. Someone's been workin' hard. Fancy a drink?
Alright, grown-ups got jobs to do. Off you go, make the best of it.
Tie's all messed up, not that you'd notice. Around Penacony, no one gives a hoot what you're wearing. They don't even care if the person they're talking to is actually real.
"Bloodhound Family" doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. What do they call me? Lapdog? Can't say they're a talented bunch, but they sure do have sharp tongues.
All these years, and SoulGlad's flavor never changes... Ah, the magic of additives.
I love strolling the streets of Penacony, watching everyone here lost in their own daydreams... I've toyed with the idea of being an interstellar villain, creating chaos throughout the universe. Worst-case scenario would be a stint in the IPC's prison. Heh, that's an idea I'm still entertaining!
Making a drink is a sensory skill. In dreams, creating fizzy concoctions requires adding a bit of your mood. Heavier if you're troubled, a touch sweeter if you're in high spirits... It's not just about mixing beverages. It's about mixing the experiences of life.
Subpar beverages and desserts usually hide behind chocolate to cover up their inferior flavor, but they don't get past me... It's probably because I can't stand chocolate.
Among the five great families, the "Hounds" bear the responsibility of safeguarding the land. So... usually it falls to me to handle anyone who steps out of line. Come to think of it, it's much easier to make someone vanish than to make them materialize.
If you ever spot a crazed teapot, or a phone booth scuttling around, chances are you've bumped into one of the troublemakers from the "Dreamjolt Troupe." No cause for alarm, though — you won't die, just maybe lose a layer of skin.
Back when the stars were still connected, this world too saw the footprints of Nameless wanderers. Sadly, Penacony never managed to remember any of their names.
Misha is a sensible kid. Me? At his age I was just a little terror, biting everyone in sight.
He reminds me of the "Odes of Harmony," but I caught a whiff of something behind the facade he puts on... something real.
We've seen many outsiders come to Penacony, but locals leaving? That's rare... She must have had her reasons.
Careful, don't get too lost in those sweet dreams.
Intuition, instinct... training can sharpen them both.
Time is slipping away fast.
Need I say more? Muscle memory never lies.
 Show me some of that Trailblazing strength again.
 Show me some of that Trailblazing strength again.
Enough gallivanting, kid. Better get to bed early, or you won't grow.
That's all you've got?
Decided to play your ace, huh?
So? In the mood for another beating?
Gonna keep going? If not, I'll catch my breath for a while.
Let's kick things off with you.
Time to mix things up.
I like that confidence.
...It's nothing.
Life's like a good brew &#8211; full-bodied and sweet.
My friends, indulge yourselves!
If I could do it all again...
My mission isn't over...
Thanks, pal.
Watch yourself.
Everyone holding up okay?
Now this smells good.
Life... is just so beautiful.
Life is just full of puzzles.
I'll be taking point.
If you're tired, just find a place to sit down for a while.
You've arrived, eh? Step up, let's see you.
How's this taste?
Haha, finders keepers.
Who knew I'd be so good at this.
Gallagher's the name, I'm one of the local "Hounds" around here. Step into Penacony, the Land of Dreams, Nameless one.
Evenin'. Someone's been workin' hard. Fancy a drink?
Alright, grown-ups got jobs to do. Off you go, make the best of it.
Tie's all messed up, not that you'd notice. Around Penacony, no one gives a hoot what you're wearing. They don't even care if the person they're talking to is actually real.
"Bloodhound Family" doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. What do they call me? Lapdog? Can't say they're a talented bunch, but they sure do have sharp tongues.
All these years, and SoulGlad's flavor never changes... Ah, the magic of additives.
I love strolling the streets of Penacony, watching everyone here lost in their own daydreams... I've toyed with the idea of being an interstellar villain, creating chaos throughout the universe. Worst-case scenario would be a stint in the IPC's prison. Heh, that's an idea I'm still entertaining!
Making a drink is a sensory skill. In dreams, creating fizzy concoctions requires adding a bit of your mood. Heavier if you're troubled, a touch sweeter if you're in high spirits... It's not just about mixing beverages. It's about mixing the experiences of life.
Subpar beverages and desserts usually hide behind chocolate to cover up their inferior flavor, but they don't get past me... It's probably because I can't stand chocolate.
Among the five great families, the "Hounds" bear the responsibility of safeguarding the land. So... usually it falls to me to handle anyone who steps out of line. Come to think of it, it's much easier to make someone vanish than to make them materialize.
If you ever spot a crazed teapot, or a phone booth scuttling around, chances are you've bumped into one of the troublemakers from the "Dreamjolt Troupe." No cause for alarm, though — you won't die, just maybe lose a layer of skin.
Back when the stars were still connected, this world too saw the footprints of Nameless wanderers. Sadly, Penacony never managed to remember any of their names.
Misha is a sensible kid. Me? At his age I was just a little terror, biting everyone in sight.
He reminds me of the "Odes of Harmony," but I caught a whiff of something behind the facade he puts on... something real.
We've seen many outsiders come to Penacony, but locals leaving? That's rare... She must have had her reasons.
Careful, don't get too lost in those sweet dreams.
I'm Gallagher from the Bloodhound Family, and those idiots are some young Bloodhounds I've been training.
Because of their youth and inexperience, they mistook an honored guest of Penacony for a criminal... This is indeed a regrettable mistake. I'd like to offer my sincerest apology to you on behalf of the Bloodhound Family.
The Bloodhound Family are the guards of the Dreamscape. We're in charge of the security here, and our duties include arresting people who try to enter our world illegally.
We got a tip that some criminals were planning to take advantage of the festivities around the Charmony Festival to sneak into Penacony. Now that the festival is just around the corner, there are likely many shady characters lurking around...
Don't worry. I believe this is just a misunderstanding. How could such a lovely girl like you be a stowaway?
Just part of the job.
I need to get going. If you need help, you can reach out to me through the young Bloodhounds in this area. I wish you an enjoyable experience in this land of dreams.
I was wondering what all the commotion was... Oh, it's you guys. Welcome. Since you made it here, what can I do for you?
Hahaha... Miss Himeko, you're too polite. There's no need to call me "Sir".
Of course I do! You folks are from the legendary Astral Express, and honorable guests of the Watchmaker.
...I'm sorry for what happened to that kid.
The Nameless involved with The Family... What an unpredictable twist of fate.
It's nothing. On Penacony, everyone loves The Family.
No matter how much one resists the "Beautiful Dream," when the time comes, they too will find it hard to let go... Who wants to leave a warm nest? Just idiots, little kids... and inebriated fools.
You got it wrong, I'm not.
You want to discuss the case? Sure, come with me. This is not a good place to talk. Let's go elsewhere.
Some friends from the old days. Do you have a moment to spare, Siobhan?
Just spare them, my esteemed bartender. I'll take over the bar today.
I'm getting up there in age, and I need some practice before I forget the skills that used to put food on my table. Where did you stash the ingredients?
That's exactly what I had in mind. Hey, my friends, do me a favor. Go around the bar and bring me any ingredients you fancy.
The discussion might take quite some time, so I'll prepare some customized, non-alcoholic drinks for you.
Even in reality, mixing drinks is more than just throwing ingredients together. A bartender needs to capture the bar's atmosphere, master technique, and spin a tale of mystery and anticipation...
In other words, what you get from your drink is down to luck. So don't overthink it. Indecisiveness has no place when it comes to enjoyment.
That being said, mixing a drink is way simpler than you'd imagine. Just pick your favorite ingredients, toss them in a glass, mix it up, and it's done.
So go ahead, explore the bar and bring me any ingredients you prefer.
Nice work. Let me take a look...
Go ahead, my friend. I'm sure you'll find splendid ingredients.
A few days ago, an actor from the Iris Family came — caused a ruckus with Siobhan... Those chips must have gotten scattered during all the chaos.
Nah, it turned out to be a landslide victory.
Haha, that's a clever metaphor.
You'll have to ask her yourself to find out. But I have a feeling she won't budge unless you impress her with an incredible drink.
...You've found some interesting ingredients there. Now, take your pick.
Each drink has its own unique flavor, and the base ingredient sets the tone for the initial taste and the lingering aftertaste. So, which one would you like to use as the base?
Heh, you won't find a sweeter drink anywhere in Penacony, and that's what today's dream seekers crave.
Sweeter than Sousa Juice and more bitter than Dream Syrup. {RUBY_B#Soulglad}"Dream in a Bottle"{RUBY_E#} — that's a metaphor for Penacony itself.
The original formula is said to be Hanunue's favorite drink. It's sour and bitter, and the bubbles burst in your throat like swallowing rusty chains, evoking thoughts of dungeons and prisons.
Now that you've chosen the base, it's time to pick the adjunct — the ingredient that'll create a marvelous chemical reaction with the base. It should give an unforgettable taste without overpowering the main tone. So, what's your choice for the adjunct?
Bright Future... a taste that's been a long time coming.
I'll never forget the flavor that danced on my tongue as Mikhail whisked me through the Dreamscape wilderness. Those were haunting times... too beautiful to be real.
The taste is... not very intense, yet evocative.
After those despicables sent Mikhail away, I found myself lost in the wilderness of my dreams. They say that even the dirt here oozes with sweetness... Heh, all I tasted was stoic bitterness.
This is the most pungent adjunct we have... and my personal favorite.
Before Mikhail left, the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes had deepened, like knife cuts. He mumbled, his breath too weak to climb up his throat, caught up in his chest. But I could smell it... the lingering scent of Penacony itself on that night.
Almost there. Let's pick a decoration. Which style do you prefer? Anything you need, I've got it.
{RUBY_B#The Harmony}Concentric circles{RUBY_E#}... May you always remember where you started.
A {RUBY_B#Hanunue}symbol{RUBY_E#} of bravery and dauntlessness. May you break free from your shackles just like he did.
The IPC's favorite... Ambitious, aren't you?
Well, it's done...
Here's to you, dream seeker, with this glass of El Dorado...
...To golden dreams.
Here's to you, dreamer, with this glass of "The Premature Burial"...
...To bringing time to a standstill.
Here's to you, sober one, with this glass of "a Dream Within a Dream"...
...To our forebearers who dug their own graves.
Here's to you, lost sheep, with this glass of "The Big Sleep"...
...To the ghosts of the past.
Here's to you, watcher, with this glass of "The Long Goodbye"...
...To a bitter childhood.
Here's to you, seeker of truth, with this glass of "Farewell, My Lovely"...
...To unfinished business.
Here's to you, the Nameless, with this glass of "A Ticket to the Boneyard"...
...To the dead and the dying.
Here's to you, Trailblazer, with this glass of "Even the Wicked"...
...To the sad truth.
Here's to you, innovator, with this glass of "Time to Murder and Create"...
...To great vengeance.
So, are you satisfied?
Well, if you're expecting a profound answer, I'm afraid I'll disappoint you.
The imagery it implies is pretty straightforward... It's just a glimpse of what this dream truly tastes like. Nothing more.
...
Heh... I was right about you. You guys seem to know quite a bit, and now there's no reason to hide anything from you anymore.
Let's dig deeper into the case, and of course... I'll tell you a story about Mikhail.
Alright, let's start with what we know based on the clues The Family has. It seems that Firefly isn't a local or an invited guest. In other words... she's a stowaway.
She managed to fool me at first — my age must be getting the best of me. But here, on the Planet of Festivities, stowaways are a common sight. You're bound to run into one sooner or later. After the incident, the Hounds wasted no time searching for that girl in both the Dreamscape and reality.
But here's the thing... We only received bad news, and the trickiest kind at that.
She simply vanished, leaving no trace in the Dreamscape or reality, as if she had never come to Penacony at all.
That's impossible. The problem now is not that she's dead, but that it's as if she had never existed in the first place.
Different...? Are you suggesting that girl wasn't actually killed? Come on, aren't you a witness in this case?
Haha, a clever metaphor... Um, you were making a metaphor, right?
Let me be frank... This case, actually... is unlike anything the Bloodhound Family has dealt with before.
You've witnessed it, so there's no need to hide. Even the shiniest city has its dark side. We're all adults here, surely I don't need to explain too much to you.
Confronting The Family based on that alone would be naive. Death may occur in sweet dreams — so what? Such events are highly unlikely and only affect a tiny number of people.
If you really want to delve deeper into this case, you need to understand the true "problem" with The Family.
You're very perceptive. The Astral Express has received that music box, too, right? Do you know the secrets it holds?
That's the exact wording.
No... but I'm the officer in charge of this case, and how could I not know?... I'm sure you must have noticed that this message didn't come from The Family. You might even have guessed that the relationship between The Family and the Watchmaker isn't as close as it seems?
Now I can assure you that your speculation is absolutely correct.
The Family has considered the Watchmaker as an enemy for a long time, but the Hounds haven't been able to track him down, as he seems to be living only in the characters and stories he created.
Let me ask you a question: Have you ever wondered why The Family allowed the Watchmaker to send out such a ridiculous message to the outside world, inviting you here and causing chaos?
Well, now you understand why the Oak Family authorized the Nameless to assist in the investigation but kept you in the dark, right?
...Because the Watchmaker is not the legend of the Land of the Dreams at all. He's the most shameful stain in the history of Penacony, and he's the root cause of all the anomalies in the Dreamscape.
You don't get it? Well, I mean...
...Mikhail, the betrayer of The Family... He's the Watchmaker.
Here we are, Clock Studios Theme Park, the most popular entertainment center in Penacony.
The culture of a city reflects its history in the most authentic way. To you, it's a fun place, but to me, it's a prison for the planet's past.
You know that Penacony used to be the IPC's prison planet, right? All the prisoners were brought here, helping the Garden of Recollection salvage the leaking memoria from the Macro Void...
The prolonged exposure to high concentrations of memoria caused a unique phenomenon. The dreams of countless prisoners intersected and overlapped, and people started meeting each other in their dreams, living lives that were almost identical to reality.
But everything has a price, and sweet dreams are no exception. In the end, the dream world was unable to alleviate the suffering of prisoners in reality. One of the prisoners broke free from the IPC's shackles and fought for freedom...
...He is {RUBY_B#Hanunue}Hanu{RUBY_E#}, the great leader of Dreamville, the great peacemaker, and the faithful companion of the underdogs.
History is always written by the winners. However, it's undeniable that Clockie is an animation that draws from Penacony's actual history.
These characters not only exist in Dreamville but also in the distant past. Once you realize this... you'll understand why we're here.
Heh... so many of them... I've never seen anything like this, even when they're tracking down suspects.
We don't need to go in — we don't want to draw any unwanted attention inside. We can just talk here.
Well, it's a masterpiece from The Family after all. Besides the followers of the Preservation, The Family members are the best at creating mind-blowing marvels.
Let's find a quiet spot and continue our conversation.
The view here is great, right? We can see everything from here...
...Including Clockie.
It was a monumental war for freedom. Hanunue fought alongside a motley crew of Masked Fools, Nameless, History Fictionologists, Mourning Actors, Omen Vanguards... even visitors from beyond the sky. In the end, they emerged victorious.
Among them was the person who would eventually be known as the Watchmaker.
I'm not sure, but Mikhail was already the Watchmaker when I met him, so maybe he inherited the title.
...I'm thirteen.
Hanunue freed the frontier prison, but peace still eluded him. With limited resources, threats from the outside world, and internal conflicts between major prison districts, the future of Asdana was uncertain.
It wasn't until the Watchmaker approached The Family with the idea of turning the prison into the Planet of Festivities... that Penacony finally gained its name and glory.
No, I'm not his "companion," but rather one of his many "children".
But I am indeed a traitor. Not to The Family, but to... Mikhail.
I did nothing... and that's the worst betrayal of all.
Just like you, I had close companions. We dedicated ourselves to Penacony, but the Oak Family... they set us up.
Mikhail was too old to protect his children anymore, so we left The Family to find our own path. We were branded traitors of the Harmony, even though the true traitors were someone else.
While they continue to praise the Watchmaker's name to the world, behind closed doors they condemn him on a pillar of shame.
Nevertheless, we wanted to clear his name. We intended to find the real traitor, the one responsible for all this, and restore Harmony to Penacony...
...But we failed. Too much time had passed, and the Land of the Dreams had become deeply corrupted. After countless fruitless pursuits, I gave up... like a lost dog.
The Family accepted me and made me an officer, supposedly as a form of forgiveness, but it was actually a punishment. Since then, I've been completely cut off from my partners... and my past. As for Mikhail...
...I heard he died in obscurity, in a place where no one could find him. That's when I realized that the Penacony I once knew would never return.
Hmm... Apparently, someone has inherited the title of the Watchmaker and has been secretly working against The Family all this time.
Well, that's one way to look at it. However, only one member has truly inherited the Watchmaker's title.
Unfortunately, after all these years, I have no idea who that person is, or if they're even real... or just Mikhail's lost soul haunting the dreams.
So, do you understand why I'm spilling all this info...? Because I believe the girl's death must be connected to the Watchmaker's Legacy, and at the end of all these mysteries...
...We will find the answers we are seeking.
If it really is Mikhail's ghost, I want to meet him, if only for the last time. Those who despise me could form a line from here all the way to the entrance of the hotel, but those willing to look me in the eye and hear me out... Let's just say, there won't be many.
I've told you all I know as a sign of gratitude. Thank you for listening to this old dog — bark and all.
...Hmm? Something just happened at the theme park... Now, if you'll excuse me. Good luck to all of you.
How ironic. What's so different between the stowaways rejected by Penacony today and the dream seekers once hailed as pioneers several Amber Eras ago?
They just received a lockdown order, supposedly from Sunday himself. Who knows what it's for.
Labyrinth-like corridors and halls, traps everywhere... The owner of this mansion must be a bit paranoid.
Just expressing a personal opinion. Why, did I hit a nerve?
...
Scoundrel, punk, drunk, hooligan... I've heard this trash talk all too often. But I have never once thought that I'd be treated as an accomplice to a murderer!
I take back what I said: Your problem isn't paranoia. You're just crazy, you know? Lunatic.
You — The Family — you broke my spine and pulled out my fangs, and now you want to accuse me of murder? Ridiculous, only idiots who've drunk too much SoulGlad will berate a stray dog on the streets.
What exactly is making you say all this nonsense? You should be more concerned about the outworld visitors who are making a scene in the theme park than me!
If I were really the murderer, why would you need to be so secretive? Ha, I forgot, you also have {RUBY_B#Penacony's Dreammaster}a difficult master{RUBY_E#} to serve — telling you to ignore the murder case and focus solely on that Charmony Festival...
...Isn't that right, my brother?
Disguise? You must be blind to be accusing me of being a fake. Open your eyes and take a good look...
...
Haha...
Hahahaha! You have guts. I'll give you that! Not bad. I severely underestimated you...
Admirable. But so what? Can this prove that I murdered your sister and that stowaway?
Talking in your sleep, birdie? Time to wake up.
Huh? Need a hand?
Yeah, happy about that?
Heh, I knew that was going to be the first thing you'd ask.
Don't worry. Your sister is here, safe and sound. She's... probably walking around the streets now.
If I were you, I'd be more worried about myself... After all, right in front of you is the guy who just stabbed you in the chest with a dagger.
So, you've figured out who I am, huh? No wonder you had the guts to go against the Dreammaster and the four Families. Looks like I made the right choice.
You are aware of my plan and see through {RUBY_B#Fictionology}my act{RUBY_E#}. Time is running out, so let's drop the charades...
I'm suggesting we cooperate.
The fact that the famous Robin has chosen my side. Plus, some clues about a traitor, and a bright future for Penacony... Any of that catch your interest?
Fine, you don't have to trust me. What you should trust is...
The sense of {RUBY_B#ambition}justice{RUBY_E#} inside of you.
Alright, as you wish. Here she is...
Haha, just kidding. I mean, this lady will lead us to Robin, right?
Haha, that'd be great. Please follow me, honorable Oak Family Head. Now all the actors... are on the stage.
When Dreamflux Reef was created, its owner was still alive. However, he insisted on erecting a monument for himself, saying that "it will happen someday."
Here we meet again, everyone from the Astral Express.
I promised to give the siblings some privacy, so let's talk about our business first. What do you say?
Oh, is it that obvious?
Hahaha, you're right, Mr. Yang. It is indeed time to come clean on everything.
The siblings already know what they need to, and they've made their choice. But you Nameless arrived a bit late, so it's only fair that I answer your questions.
Before we begin, let me reintroduce myself. I'm the founder of Dreamflux Reef, the deputy of the Watchmaker, and... the one who sent out that invitation...
As Gallagher the History Fictionologist, I humbly extend my greetings to you all.
Well, don't worry. Almost everything I shared was true... well, except for the part about "The Family accepting me back".
Thank you for your understanding! Now, let's get down to business. I'm sure you're all wondering why I went through the trouble of setting up this battle for the legacy, inviting different factions, and stirring up a ruckus all over Penacony...
Well, it all boils down to something very familiar to all of you... the Stellaron.
You're totally correct. So, care to take a guess at what that means?
I wish that were the truth! But, if that were the case, I wouldn't have invited all of you.
How keen! Well, what should I say? I expected nothing less from the person here who is the most familiar with Stellarons.
The sweet dream doesn't come out of thin air. If you think of the Memory Zone as the sea, creating the land of the dreams is like filling that wild ocean with earth to make an island.
To achieve this feat, without the help of an Emanator of Remembrance or Enigmata, the only way is to use a Stellaron.
And that's not something you can achieve with a simple wish. It requires vast quantities of knowledge, time, and manpower. I'm sure you get what I'm hinting at...
In Asdana, the Planet of Festivities itself is a Stellaron disaster.
It all started a long time ago. Back when the Watchmaker and his crew liberated the frontier prison, they faced countless challenges as they began building Penacony from the ground up. That's when the idea of using the Stellaron came into play.
The Stellaron first entered the Asdana system during the war. The Nameless warned everyone against the folly of attempting to tamper with such a power, and most heeded their words. But, there are always people in the shadows with ulterior motives.
The turning point came after Tiernan's death. With two of the Nameless gone, the Watchmaker had to go to the front lines. It was at that moment his rivals saw an opportunity.
By the time a representative from the Montour system's Family arrived at the Watchmaker's call, the Stellaron had already been activated and was seeping into the primordial Synesthesia Dreamscape.
Not just that! They knew far more about the Stellaron than the average person. They helped Mikhail swiftly quell the civil unrest and played a part in building Penacony, under the disguise of the Harmony.
Those three eras were known as the Age of Dreaming. The Watchmaker, who had been left in the dark, sent out invitations across the universe, spreading the hype around the land of the dreams.
Remember the island-in-the-ocean metaphor? The truth is, the Stellaron was never truly sealed. It existed in a different form within the Dreamscape. Think about this — what would it cost to create and maintain such a lavish dreamland?
It's people's lives. The opulent dream is built upon the decay of spirits, with a toxic elixir called "pleasure" flowing through the Dreamscape. It tempts people to indulge in the Dreamscape, and gradually their minds succumb, becoming nourishment for the sweet dream.
Confusion, laziness, and cowardice... weaknesses that plague humanity were magnified and nourished by The Family. Penacony became a new kind of prison, even more impenetrable than the previous one.
Sadly, we realized this far too late. By then, The Family had a firm grip on Penacony, swiftly quelling any opposition that arose.
At my wit's end, I had to use the power of the Enigmata and sought refuge in this chaotic realm. Over the years, I {RUBY_B#Fictionologize}created{RUBY_E#} a meme within this dream for our use...
"Dormancy", that's its real name. We exploited a loophole — you see, regular people can't fall asleep again while they are inside the Dreamscape.
It's not just that. Above all, I wanted to see what happens when the major factions engage in a struggle for the legacy. Since this is the Watchmaker's first announcement in decades, the traitor within The Family is bound to reveal themselves.
If you want to consider the Stellaron as the legacy, I'm totally fine with that.
That's a question for Mr. Wings. The Stellaron is still under The Family's control, and as the head of the Oak Family, I'm sure he holds all the answers.
Are you done talking? So, will you tell us where the Stellaron is?
Well, that was easier than I thought. Did you conduct your own investigation already?
Confronting me first turned out to be a smart move on your part.
The enemies you are about to face aren't like this old dog here, who can barely even bark...
Since our interests are aligned, why don't we team up? Maybe, just maybe, we'll have a shot at success.
Spoken like a true hero.
Even if the Dreammaster is innocent, The Family's corruption runs deep. I won't make the same mistake Mikhail did. Let's wish him the best of luck...
Why would you say so?
Hm... it's not enough to say "meet", but the answer is pretty obvious. After all, I've hinted at it in quite an evident way.
I've been watching over you ever since I received the reply from the Astral Express, and I've seen the great effort you all put into linking different realms together across the cosmos. And now, after getting this far all in one piece, you have truly proven yourselves.
Miss Himeko, were you the one who repaired the Express and got it sailing through the cosmos again?
And you two young Nameless... you have very interesting life stories and extraordinary skills.
Heh, you're full of energy. Please send my regards to... the conductor, Pom-Pom. Please let them know that their friend had fond memories from his time aboard the Express, which he reminisced on every time he had a good drink.
As for the last Nameless... he embarked, disembarked, and embarked again... traveling in a great circle and ending up back where he started.
On his deathbed, he told me to find the Astral Express and deliver an invitation to the future Nameless. He left behind a special gift, a true "legacy"... something that belongs only to the successors of the Trailblaze.
Come with me. Now... is the time to reveal it.
Sometimes I feel like you're still alive, old friend, like you've still got so much to say and do.
I've kept my promise... brought the future Trailblazers you've waited so long for. I don't know why you were so obsessed with that train, but I remember your last words...
Don't let us down, old man.
Go ahead. His resting place... lies in the garden up ahead.
The first and last Nameless of Penacony...
Mikhail Char Legwork, the Watchmaker.
The legacy he left behind was a dream bubble. I believe inside that bubble, there's something that holds meaning only for the Nameless.
After all, when I checked its contents, I found nothing inside ... Maybe some Trailblaze runes? Even more {RUBY_B#Enigmatic}mysterious{RUBY_E#} than me.
Hmph, just as I suspected.
That old man always had this strange belief in the Nameless and the Trailblaze, and I never understood where he got that confidence from... especially since he never managed to get in touch with the Express while he was alive.
I could never figure out what was going on in that old man's head, but this empty dream bubble is so typical of him. He was always full of weird fantasies... and incomprehensible romanticism.
That mischievous old man... Well, I didn't expect him to leave anything concrete behind anyway.
Heh, don't start getting all philosophical on me, alright?
Well, I'm a follower of the Enigmata. My philosophy forbids me to have faith in anything.
...That's why I understand what "faith" means in the path of Trailblaze, and I also want to know what he left behind. Heh, I'll leave it to you guys then.
Go ahead. I'm sure Mr. Wings holds all the answers.
You're back sooner than I thought... Any results?
Hmph, since he's already carried out his last wish, my final mission is complete.
But, pardon me if I sound curt — it's good to have determination, but the path Mikhail left for you is not an easy one to tread...
Why else would he have chosen to sleep in solitude, staking everything on some Nameless in the future?
But you have the numbers, and in numbers comes strength. So that might just delay your inevitable a little more.
So they're still running this thing eh... It was originally just a publicity stunt set up by Mikhail to drum up attention, but it looks like it might be worth a shot.
...I'm afraid I won't have the time. As a {RUBY_B#Fictionologist}"virtual character"{RUBY_E#}... I've already completed my final mission. Whether Penacony can awaken from this dream is all down to you.
Alright. I'll have to add to that data bank of yours you've got on the Express.
Where are you going, old man?
Answer my question. What are you up to?
Oh, come on! Aren't all your "ideas" just ways to get yourself killed? I may be blunt here, but you're the last remaining hero in Penacony.
If you die too, the secret of the Stellaron... will go to the grave with you.
So? A desperate struggle against The Family?
That's quite unexpected, old man. Who would've thought your crazy plan would actually work? Do all you Nameless fools just act on a whim?
I can sense that this false sweet dream is coming to an end. The Nameless may be young, but they had the ability to achieve this goal... just like you did in your time.
It's a shame you won't be able to see it firsthand. Heh, maybe I won't either... Once something {RUBY_B#Fictionologist}fictional{RUBY_E#} is seen through, it ceases to exist.
Yeah, not just those Nameless, even Mr. Wings is just like you... Stubborn, won't listen or give up, no matter what... Well, fate is unpredictable, I guess. If we weren't bound by those cursed Paths, maybe we could've had some good talks.
But in the end, we managed to do it, and now we can find solace. Remember how those idiots cursed us? They said, "Go to hell, you worthless traitors!" Heh...
Well, I don't know if they really meant it, but if longing for freedom means going to hell...
Then I'll be joining you soon, you old fool.
Let's get together and have supper again in hell...
Oh, I almost forgot. There's one more thing...
To the imperfect... tomorrow.
To the imperfect tomorrow.
That's enough, boys.
What's gotten into you all? Open your eyes and take a good look. Is this lady the stowaway we're looking for?
That's nonsense. Take another look, will you? The witness report says that the suspect is a lad with silver hair, and you guys are going after a girl with silver hair. Does that even make sense? She's our guest!
Well, just get out of my way and I'll take care of this.
Sorry for all the trouble you went through back there.
Hi there, I'm Misha, a bellboy at The Reverie Hotel. Welcome to Penacony. This way. Oh, here, let me grab those bags for you!
{NICKNAME}, did you rest well? If there's anywhere you want to go, please, don't hesitate to come find me!
I should get back to work. We... we'll have another chance to meet, won't we?
Working at The Reverie is awesome! I get to meet a bunch of people from really far away, and hearing about their adventures is fascinating!
I'm going to work really hard, so I can save up and explore the stars just like grown-ups do!
After a while, the machinery tucked away in the corners of the hotel tends to break down... But if I can fix them, I will. I don't like to swap out old parts for new...
I make sure to read every issue of Stellar Cartography Magazine... in the most recent one there's a huge whale that can actually eat entire planets, it's incredible! I'm not sure when I'll get to read the next issue...
He's already late... I wonder where Grandpa has gotten to...
When I was little, I used to sneak sips of SoulGlad, and by the time Grandpa found out, I already had cavities... So, we definitely shouldn't drink too much... Wait, actually it's okay for adults, but little kids shouldn't drink it!
I often hear people talking about "Trailblazing," like it's finding new places no one's been before. Penacony's had its share of finding new cool stuff too, like how tasty SoulGlad is, and the awesome shows by the Sweet Dreams Troupe! All of that was figured out by some serious "Trailblazing." It sure wasn't a walk in the park...
The job at The Reverie can get pretty hectic, but it's also how I get to meet interesting new friends like you, {NICKNAME}!
The songs of Miss Robin have the power to carry people to faraway places, beyond even the most beautiful dreams. I... I'll always be a fan of Miss Robin!
Well, despite his young age, Mr. Sunday is already&#32;&#91;sic&#93; big deal in Penacony. Just watching him from afar can make you feel overwhelmed...
It's typical to see Gallagher immersed in his work on the streets of Penacony. He's always been so responsible and committed.
Grandpa told me, it's never too late to have a dream, he said what matters is how much you aspire to make it come true. I'll never forget this — there will come a day when I'll make both my and Grandpa's dreams a reality!
Let me tell you a secret, Clockie is actually real, he isn't just an imaginary friend I made up!
The one thing I look forward to? Growing up, of course!
Yes! I feel like I'm getting closer to my dreams!
Wait, am I really that impressive? This has to be a dream!
Yes! Another chance to learn something new!
 Is that {NICKNAME}? Yes! Finally, we get to fight side by side!
 Is that {NICKNAME}? Yes! Finally, we get to fight side by side!
Come on, I can do this...!
S—Sorry! Please don't be angry...
Let's dive into today's duties!
I'll never get the job done at this rate...
E—Excuse me, please...!
Uh, I'm on it — cleaning up now!
P—Please be polite...
Hey! That wasn't very nice...
How much time do I have...?
I tried my best...
You won't be disappointed this time!
Oh, sorry for bothering you...
Please, wait a sec!
Another job in the bag.
Did a guest leave this behind...?
I can't possibly take something this valuable...
All done!
Looks like a troublesome guest...
Time for a well-deserved break.
I hope I don't mess this up...
Gotta keep things neat and tidy!
They left such a generous tip...!
I might have cracked the code.
Hi there, I'm Misha, a bellboy at The Reverie Hotel. Welcome to Penacony. This way. Oh, here, let me grab those bags for you!
{NICKNAME}, did you rest well? If there's anywhere you want to go, please, don't hesitate to come find me!
I should get back to work. We... we'll have another chance to meet, won't we?
Working at The Reverie is awesome! I get to meet a bunch of people from really far away, and hearing about their adventures is fascinating!
I'm going to work really hard, so I can save up and explore the stars just like grown-ups do!
After a while, the machinery tucked away in the corners of the hotel tends to break down... But if I can fix them, I will. I don't like to swap out old parts for new...
I make sure to read every issue of Stellar Cartography Magazine... in the most recent one there's a huge whale that can actually eat entire planets, it's incredible! I'm not sure when I'll get to read the next issue...
He's already late... I wonder where Grandpa has gotten to...
When I was little, I used to sneak sips of SoulGlad, and by the time Grandpa found out, I already had cavities... So, we definitely shouldn't drink too much... Wait, actually it's okay for adults, but little kids shouldn't drink it!
I often hear people talking about "Trailblazing," like it's finding new places no one's been before. Penacony's had its share of finding new cool stuff too, like how tasty SoulGlad is, and the awesome shows by the Sweet Dreams Troupe! All of that was figured out by some serious "Trailblazing." It sure wasn't a walk in the park...
The job at The Reverie can get pretty hectic, but it's also how I get to meet interesting new friends like you, {NICKNAME}!
The songs of Miss Robin have the power to carry people to faraway places, beyond even the most beautiful dreams. I... I'll always be a fan of Miss Robin!
Well, despite his young age, Mr. Sunday is already&#32;&#91;sic&#93; big deal in Penacony. Just watching him from afar can make you feel overwhelmed...
It's typical to see Gallagher immersed in his work on the streets of Penacony. He's always been so responsible and committed.
Grandpa told me, it's never too late to have a dream, he said what matters is how much you aspire to make it come true. I'll never forget this — there will come a day when I'll make both my and Grandpa's dreams a reality!
Let me tell you a secret, Clockie is actually real, he isn't just an imaginary friend I made up!
The one thing I look forward to? Growing up, of course!
Yes! I feel like I'm getting closer to my dreams!
Wait, am I really that impressive? This has to be a dream!
Yes! Another chance to learn something new!
 Is that {NICKNAME}? Yes! Finally, we get to fight side by side!
 Is that {NICKNAME}? Yes! Finally, we get to fight side by side!
Gallagher? You're here! Check it out, I can protect everyone, too!
Come on, I can do this...!
S—Sorry! Please don't be angry...
Let's dive into today's duties!
I'll never get the job done at this rate...
E—Excuse me, please...!
Uh, I'm on it — cleaning up now!
P—Please be polite...
Hey! That wasn't very nice...
How much time do I have...?
I tried my best...
You won't be disappointed this time!
Oh, sorry for bothering you...
Please, wait a sec!
Another job in the bag.
Did a guest leave this behind...?
I can't possibly take something this valuable...
All done!
Looks like a troublesome guest...
Time for a well-deserved break.
I hope I don't mess this up...
Gotta keep things neat and tidy!
They left such a generous tip...!
I might have cracked the code.
Hi there, I'm Misha, a bellboy at The Reverie Hotel. Welcome to Penacony. This way. Oh, here, let me grab those bags for you!
{NICKNAME}, did you rest well? If there's anywhere you want to go, please, don't hesitate to come find me!
I should get back to work. We... we'll have another chance to meet, won't we?
Working at The Reverie is awesome! I get to meet a bunch of people from really far away, and hearing about their adventures is fascinating!
I'm going to work really hard, so I can save up and explore the stars just like grown-ups do!
After a while, the machinery tucked away in the corners of the hotel tends to break down... But if I can fix them, I will. I don't like to swap out old parts for new...
I make sure to read every issue of Stellar Cartography Magazine... in the most recent one there's a huge whale that can actually eat entire planets, it's incredible! I'm not sure when I'll get to read the next issue...
He's already late... I wonder where Grandpa has gotten to...
When I was little, I used to sneak sips of SoulGlad, and by the time Grandpa found out, I already had cavities... So, we definitely shouldn't drink too much... Wait, actually it's okay for adults, but little kids shouldn't drink it!
I often hear people talking about "Trailblazing," like it's finding new places no one's been before. Penacony's had its share of finding new cool stuff too, like how tasty SoulGlad is, and the awesome shows by the Sweet Dreams Troupe! All of that was figured out by some serious "Trailblazing." It sure wasn't a walk in the park...
The job at The Reverie can get pretty hectic, but it's also how I get to meet interesting new friends like you, {NICKNAME}!
The songs of Miss Robin have the power to carry people to faraway places, beyond even the most beautiful dreams. I... I'll always be a fan of Miss Robin!
Well, despite his young age, Mr. Sunday is already big deal in Penacony. Just watching him from afar can make you feel overwhelmed...
It's typical to see Gallagher immersed in his work on the streets of Penacony. He's always been so responsible and committed.
Grandpa told me, it's never too late to have a dream, he said what matters is how much you aspire to make it come true. I'll never forget this — there will come a day when I'll make both my and Grandpa's dreams a reality!
Let me tell you a secret, Clockie is actually real, he isn't just an imaginary friend I made up!
I am Misha, a bell boy, working here on Penacony. Pleased to be at your service. If you need help with your baggage...
...Should you need assistance with moving your luggage to your room, feel free to contact me. Please go ahead, don't keep your friend waiting.
Welcome to the Reverie! May you have an unforgettable holiday! Should you need assistance with moving your luggage to your room, feel free to contact me.
Yeah, it is! The Reverie does not only provide accommodation for its guests, it is also connected to both Penacony's reality and dreamscape. Guests from all over the cosmos come here to immerse themselves in a marvelous, dreamy journey.
A good question! Maybe not all dreams are false... Well, at least the ones in Penacony aren't. Or perhaps should I say they are... another reality.
The hotel's Dreampool provides a comfortable dream experience, so don't you worry about that!
Er... Are you asking me? Hmm... It's not too bad. Many guests come and go, and I get to hear all about their adventures.
You'll know what I mean when you enter a dream. Penacony will not disappoint!
Yes! This hotel is Penacony in real life. And the Penacony in the dream... is a place where miracles are born. A land of lavish joy, a grand banquet where the curtains never fall!
Mm... It's hard to describe its magnificence in words. In any case, you will surely be awed!
You are well-informed indeed! It is an opportunity provided by The Family, and a tradition on the Planet of Festivities.
Everyone gathers in the hall, reveling in merriment, pursuing opportunities, staking all they have on one desperate gamble, and finally, their dreams become reality!
May you have a pleasant stay in Penacony!
This way! Can you see me? Over here!
Please come this way!
Ah, you're here! Wonderful!
Oh, I... I thought you wouldn't notice me...
Welcome to the Gallery of Thoughts! You can think of this as the entrance to the Golden Hour. I'm here to provide guidance to our guests.
Huh, you remember me? I'm so glad.
This is a temporary interchange, so it looks a little rundown... The Reverie in the dreamscape is currently undergoing a revamp.
I apologize for any unpleasantness in your stay... but if you enter the Golden Hour, I'm sure all your troubles will dissipate in an instant!
You're asking about The Reverie in the dreamscape, right? I'm not sure exactly either, I'm sorry...
You've perhaps read about it in your Dreamscape Pass, but I can explain one more time!
Golden Hour is one of the twelve dreamscapes in Penacony, and its time coincides with midnight. Here, the dream's time is forever stuck in the moment before midnight. Tomorrow will not come, and this night of revelry will never end...
...Ah, but that doesn't mean that time has stopped in the dream. To avoid any physical or mental burden on guests, time in the dream has been synced with reality's, so don't worry!
Note? Did you find it in the room?
Ah... It wasn't trash left behind by the previous guest, was it...?
It was my mistake — I failed to tidy up properly, and caused an inconvenience for you... I'm truly sorry!
You just go right through that door to reach Golden Hour. I wish you an unforgettable dream!
Right through that doorway is Golden Hour. If you've any other questions, I'm more than happy to answer them!
You're asking about The Reverie in the dreamscape, right? I'm not sure exactly either, I'm sorry...
You've perhaps read about it in your Dreamscape Pass, but I can explain one more time!
Golden Hour is one of the twelve dreamscapes in Penacony, and its time coincides with midnight. Here, the dream's time is forever stuck in the moment before midnight. Tomorrow will not come, and this night of revelry will never end...
...Ah, but that doesn't mean that time has stopped in the dream. To avoid any physical or mental burden on guests, time in the dream has been synced with reality's, so don't worry!
I wish you unforgettable dreams in Penacony!
Everyone, please stay calm...
We meet again! Are you the one who helped settle everything down here?
Anyway, thanks a lot! If you hadn't gotten here in time, I would have been in a real mess...
I really appreciate your help! The Nameless are indeed a bunch of talented people... May our paths cross again!
Everyone, please calm down...
Ah? You're the guest from before. We meet again! And a new friend... F-Forgot to introduce myself, I'm the hotel's bellboy, Misha.
Nope. Clockie is a good friend of mine. We all live here.
How did you two get here? This Dreamscape isn't supposed to be open to the public... I wonder if it has something to do with Sleepie?
Yep. After my work in the beautiful dream ends, I'll go back home. Commuting used to be more convenient, but ever since travel became cumbersome, Sleepie started ferrying people back and forth between the two Dreamscapes.
Sleepie is a Memory Zone Meme, looks fierce and has many eyes. But it's actually really well-behaved. Gallagher's been taking care of it.
D-Death? Not in a dream, surely. Sleepie's just a little aggressive, and sometimes messes up by fetching the wrong guests, but it would never hurt anyone!
I see... Then you'll have to speak with Gallagher. But he's currently busy hosting a visitor from the Oak Family, and specifically asked not to be disturbed.
Um, Mr. Yang, the person you're looking for...
Is it Miss Robin?
If you're looking for Miss Robin, I can lead the way. She told me that she'd be willing to meet with outside guests.
Oh, I haven't... But please rest assured — Dreamflux Reef is a small place, and it's not as bustling as the beautiful dream, but its safety is unmatched.
How about this! Since it's your first time here in Dreamflux Reef, I'll be your guide and help you find your companions, and then we can all go visit Miss Robin together.
She's gone to Mrs. Grace's to visit the children. She won't be leaving anytime soon, so there should be enough time.
Everyone, look! From here, you can see the most spectacular view of Dreamflux Reef—
Oh? So Mr. Yang is also versed in memoria dynamics. I was just trying to figure out how to explain this huge hole to everyone. I bet you guys have a lot in common with Miss Kaimee!
Uhh, please don't worry, this sort of thing has happened many times before... Miss Kaimee isn't a bad person, she's just a bit... lost in her own world. She'll probably realize she's wrong soon enough.
Miss Kaimee regularly mentions her. I hear Madam Razalina passed away during the Prison War... If she could see the Penacony of today, its people building homes in the Memory Zone... I bet she'd be really happy.
Dear guest, this is not the afterlife. This is Dreamflux Reef.
Unlike in the sweet dream, people here don't see Memory Zone Memes as dangerous monsters... and even if they pose a threat, people can easily escape by forcing a wake-up call.
But we can't just leave this man here... Can we take him somewhere safe?
You're too modest, Micah. When lost Dreamchasers stumble upon this place, you're the one who takes care of them, guiding them back to the sweet dream or showing them how to survive the wild dream chaos.
Look, there she is.
Our destination is the commercial district. That's where the largest crowds gather in Dreamflux Reef. We might be able to find the others there.
Huh? The atmosphere sure has livened up with all these people in here...
You all look quite serious... Is there anything I can do to help?
What is this place...?
I... don't know, but I feel a sense of deja vu. What is this place?
Hmm, I don't know much about dream bubbles, but if you want to figure out what this mansion is... I'll do my best!
Hmm... I guess... maybe this way?
I... I'm not entirely sure, but... let's give it a try.
So, where has Clockie gone...? Did he leave to protect Dreamville?
I think I hear the sound of water...
No, we should turn left here...
This is it. I remember this corridor.
Up ahead is... Grandpa's study. It was in that room that I saw him the last time.
This is it...!
Weird, this place is quite different from the hotel, but I just feel like I've been here before and... even lived here for a while.
If I remember correctly, there should be a fireplace down that hallway. Clockie and I used to sit by the fire, listening to the crackling of firewood.
And the room on the other side was... the toy room. I loved spreading out all the toys from the box on the floor and making up stories for each of them.
Hold on, this doesn't make sense. Didn't I grow up in Dreamflux Reef? So, what is this place...?
Yeah, then let's check out the rooms I just mentioned.
I heard some noises from the room... Origami Bird? That's a friend of mine.
Yeah, it's a member of the Compass crew, just like Clockie and Miss Mirror. And there's more than just one Origami Bird! They are a big family with lots of brothers and sisters who look the same.
They follow Miss Mirror's orders and handle all sorts of jobs on the ship. They're the best sailors.
The "Compass" is a ship bound for the New World! Clockie and his partners travel through layers of fog to the depths of the sea. Whenever there is danger, Clockie will use a compass and guide the ship in the right direction!
Huh? Oh... that does seem to be the case.
Weird... I clearly remember... Clockie arrived in the New World in the end...
I'm sorry, I don't know much about the Watchmaker, but Mikhail...
Mikhail... is Grandpa's name.
Yeah, sure. He was a seafarer who fearlessly ventured into mysterious seas and storms. He was always on the sea and had a lot of friends who accompanied him on his travels.
He didn't want me to call him "Grandpa" because that would make him sound old. He believed he was still young. The name "Mikhail" was given to him by his parents, Mihaly and Elise, both renowned seafarers.
Every time he came back, he'd share his logbook with me and tell me about his adventures at sea. I want to become a great adventurer just like him.
He went off on a new journey, and it's been quite a while since I last saw him.
"The water resembles a precious jewel, embedded in the dreams of all seafarers."
"Every time I gaze at the shimmering lights beneath the waves, it feels as though I'm back in this place, standing by your side..."
Yeah, I saw these sentences in Grandpa's logbook. He used to say that despite the perils of the sea, whenever he stood on the deck in the afternoon, overlooking the sparkling waves, he would think of this fountain in front of his house.
He often said that those moments felt like returning to his family's side, and the difficulties at sea didn't seem quite as challenging.
Yeah, while Grandpa was at home, we would stand by the fountain and place the "Compass" — a toy boat that I made — into the pool!
Back then, I would ask him when I could go on adventures like him, and he would always laugh and say I was still too young.
I'm sorry. I don't know, but my memories keep pouring out uncontrollably, like water flowing from a fountain...
Perhaps... I'll remember more things if we go further...
This is it. This... is my room of clocks.
While I spent my time waiting for Grandpa to return from his voyage, Walder gave me this workshop, and it became my "secret base"...
Here, I learned to how to repair clockwork and gears out of my fondness of precision mechanics. In my dreams, I was the captain of the "Compass," embarking on adventures with my companions, Clockie and Miss Mirror, in search of the New World.
I... I was born and raised here.
Yes, but not exactly. To be more precise...
This "dream bubble" itself is my home.
That's the answer, March 7th. This dream bubble is the place where I was born, and I... I'm a dweller in this dream just like a Memory Zone Meme.
I should have stayed here and waited for you, but when reality and memories merged, I unconsciously pushed open that door and left the bubble with Clockie.
Thank you all for helping me rediscover my true self. Now, please allow me to reintroduce myself.
I was born on Lushaka in the Przesmir system, adopted by seafarers Mikhail and Char. They gave me a treasure, a name that carried their hopes...
Clockie, you're here! Yeah, this is the room where we first met each other...
Yeah, whenever he came back, he'd place a logbook on the bookshelf in his room. They contain records of his expeditions to every corner of the world.
He described our world as a fountain. At some point, the sea started to gradually swallow up the land where people lived.
To ensure that everyone had land to settle on, he had to continue exploring the sea and search for the source of the rising seawater.
On that day, he called me to his study, telling me that he was embarking on another journey. However, I could sense the gravity in his expression. It was the same look I had seen on my father's face before his final voyage.
I asked him if I could go with him, but he said that my adventure lay elsewhere and told me to stay home and patiently await a certain sound at the door.
He told me about a vast ocean in the sky — an ocean of stars. He spoke of a train that transports children with a desire to venture far away, traversing the sea of stars without ever stopping.
He said that he knew the crew on the train, and that he had asked them to take me along. He said the journey I had always dreamed of... would start there.
It's the Astral Express. I remember now, Grandpa's friends are a group of Nameless who came to this world to resolve a disaster caused by a star.
Then he gave his pocket watch to me. It was his cherished treasure, appearing in every one of his adventure tales. He explained that difficult times were ahead but assured me that the watch would guide me.
He said, as long as I kept moving forward, I'd eventually reach my desired destination. And then, it was as if I heard...
The distant sound of a train whistle, echoing through the room...
Yeah, I think I can still find the way we took back then.
This is my first time outside of Penacony... Wow. It's so awesome.
I imagined the cosmos in my head... but actually seeing it with my own eyes is truly... mesmerizing...
When I shut my eyes, I get this feeling that I'm among the stars.
Great! It's just... the hotel is so busy, my vacation might not be long enough.
But... I really want to travel through the cosmos with you all!
Thank you! Once Grandpa returns, perhaps I'll get the chance to join you on adventures to far-off worlds!
Actually, I often dream of a train traveling through the cosmos, with brilliant stars whizzing by. I'd always be glued to the window, gazing outside. I dreamed I'd never leave, but once I woke up, it would all be gone.
But I can't believe I finally got to come aboard the Astral Express. It almost feels like home!
Yes! I can't believe I finally got to come aboard the Astral Express. It almost feels like home!
A train that can jump between stars... Even if it looks simple on the outside, I imagine the inside is really complicated.
I bet it's a lot of work to keep the Express running smoothly over such long distances. It must need a lot of maintenance and cleaning.
Hmm... Well, I'll need to look into it... Honestly, I've never worked on something so intricate. Guess I'll be learning from you guys!
Ah, the one with the long ears always walking around the cars? It's amazing they keep everything on the Express so well-organized!
Yeah, keeping up with the cleaning at "The Reverie" can be tough due to its sheer size. I wonder if the conductor might share some organizing tips with me.
I wonder if the conductor might share some organizing tips with me.
The level of detail in these records is amazing! Oops... have I really been looking at the data bank all day?
The "Trailblazing" stories are just so moving...
I'm trying to capture all these moments in my mind, that way I'll have them with me even when I'm not on the Express.
Shimmering trails among the stars, boundless adventures... How wondrous...
It's a shame that the fall of Akivili has obstructed many Trailblazing paths.
Exactly! For me, the Nameless represent the ideal hero. I hope to follow in their footsteps.
Although I can't come along with you all, I'll be here, wishing you the best!
That's right. Grandpa always said that facing difficulties is part of becoming a hero.
I've been deeply fascinated by the starry skies ever since I first heard the story of the Nameless.
The "Trailblazing" stories are just so moving...
Oh, hey! I noticed there are Passenger Cabins on the Express. Does the Express welcome many guests, too, like The Reverie?
Oh, that's right! You're already a part of the Express... Making new friends is what it's all about.
That's right, you're no longer just a guest! Making new friends is what it's all about.
Really? Can I?
Oh, well... I should wait for Grandpa to come home first... I'll keep pushing myself, and eventually, I'll become a dependable adult.
Yeah, those bags can get pretty heavy, and sometimes there are difficult guests. But I really enjoy the job!
Don't joke around like that with me, I might believe you... But I have actually been working on my knowledge of etiquette.
It's my job to make our guests who've come from afar feel comfortable. It might not seem like much, but it means a lot to me.
And of course, the chance to listen to everyone's stories and adventures from different parts of the cosmos is just amazing.
I really hope that one day I can stand by the door and welcome the ever-wandering "Nameless" onto the Express.
I really hope that one day I can stand by the door and welcome the ever-wandering "Nameless" onto the Express.
The music here is different from what we have on Penacony, but it's still cool.
No, no... I actually enjoy discovering new things.
It's awesome! Each song has its own style, but they all draw you in.
This music must be from a different world! I feel the blowing snow, the coldness. It feels ancient.
There seems to be a hint of warmth in this one, despite the cold.
Relaxing, classic... and at moments, a bit tense.
If only I could journey to those worlds with everyone and see them for real...
If only I could journey to those worlds with everyone and see them for real...
I've brought along some little gifts for everyone on the Express.
These pocket watches are designs that aren't available anymore. I've fixed them up, and they're ticking perfectly.
I'm glad you like them!
Not much time at all! Just something I worked on in my free time.
I'd like to think their steady ticking can be comforting, keeping you company on your long trips.
I'm so grateful to everyone, I haven't had this much fun in a long time!
I will! Just thinking of all of your trailblazing throughout the Cosmos fills me with hope for the future!
I'm so grateful to everyone, I haven't had this much fun in a long time!
Welcome to the Reverie! May you experience an unforgettable holiday! If you need help checking in, please head straight to the concierge.
Welcome to the Reverie! May you experience an unforgettable holiday! If you need help checking in, please head straight to the concierge...
The workshop door isn't locked...
Mikhail, are you in there?
So quiet... nothing but the tick-tocking of the clocks...
Tick tock... tick tock... tick tock...
Mikhail, where are you?
I see... Are we playing hide-and-seek?
Ready or not? Here I come.
Are you done hiding?
Where are you... Where could you be...
Can't find you... Can't find you anywhere...
Mikhail, where are you hiding?
Mikhail...
Mikhail?
Where the heck are you...?
Mikhail! I've found you!
Why are you hiding here?
Do you have something to tell me?
I'll be right behind you!
What is it?
Feels important...
Tick tock... Tick tock...
This dream world is very strange...
Is it something very important?
Mikhail, you look like you've got something on your mind...
It's so dark in here...
Mikhail?
Tick tock... Tick tock...
Wow, it's beautiful...
Why did you come here specifically?
Talk to me, Mikhail...
I wish to share your burden...
I beg you... Please?
You're going?
You're going to a faraway place?
Can you take me with you...
I want to go too...
Don't go, please?
Why?
I don't understand...
Please... don't go...
Don't leave...
Okay? I beg you...
Don't go...
Take me with you at least, all right?
Will you come back?
Don't lie to me...
This is an origami bird I made for you...
Take it with you, Mikhail!
It will protect you from harm.
Just like they did with Clockie...
Protecting Dreamville...
I will definitely keep it safe.
I promise you, Mikhail...
So, you need to keep yourself safe, too...
Okay, Mikhail?
Help
Help me
Don't let him get away!
Get him!
We have nowhere to go...
No, don't come close
Mikhail
Where are you?
Come back here
Penacony must save itself
Give me that!
I don't want to die
Please help me...
██Help█ ███ █ help ██...
█said███do█not█ ██ █open the box██...
████No█ █ no█ █ stay ███ don't█ come ██...
█beg█you██ █I████ ███ █scared█...
█Let's go home███, █ ███ ██ ███ ███ █ █...
Is this a dream...?
Woah... it all looks so complex...
I'd love to spend a whole day in the data bank...
Every guest who comes aboard...
Nice music...
Do you think people would mind?
*sigh* So... I'm Lynx, a member of the Belobog Snow Plains research team. For work-related matters, please contact me during working hours. I'm unavailable at any other time. That's all, bye.
Hm... Sleeping bag, moisture resistant sleeping mat... All ready. It's time to go.
Mm, I think I'll set up camp here. I wonder if the aurora will be visible tonight...
For the Landau family, matters are simple: If you want to do something, go for it. I wanted to see the Snow Plains, so I joined the research team... It was as simple as that.
There's nothing to worry about when you're prepared. It's the unprepared you should be concerned about. Oh, you're worried about me always going alone? Eh... It's better being alone.
Exploring the Snow Plains... Of course there will be all kinds of challenges along the way, but solving them is part of the fun.
It's such a bother to talk to people and try to figure out what they mean... *sigh* At least when I talk to Pela, I don't have to think so much...
Beware of the mountain winds in the Kandor Valley — they are usually the harbinger of a blizzard. And never, ever stay in the canyon at night.
Everything outside of Belobog is buried in snow, including all the history of the old world. But if we can bring it all back into the light of day by exploring the Snow Plains, then the choice seems simple: Just go for it.
It must be very tiring for Miss Bronya to have to deal with so many people every day.
I actually admire her for her many talents... Don't tell her I said that.
My brother is a very capable and very good man... It would be nice if he didn't worry so much about me.
There are many things that only Pela can understand... Hehe.
He seems to be a wanted criminal that my brother is tracking, but I feel like I see him occasionally in the Snow Plains... Ah! Is HE the legendary Belobog Caveman!?
Even the Snow Plains have an end...
Perfect, now's my chance.
Stay calm now, Lynx...
Commencing research.
I should've brought a chair with me...
Excuse me, coming through.
Relax, deep breaths.
Ugh, I think something bit me...
I've gotta stop the bleeding.
To travel far away...
For a tough case like yours, we're gonna try them all!
Brother... Sister...
Let's start again.
Just in time.
Every step is just a part of the adventure.
Looks handy. Into the backpack!
I don't have space for all this...
Another handy survival skill.
Seems this path is no good either...
Get some rest while you can and gather your strength.
Target specimen sighted, preparing for collection.
Time for something savory.
If they can fit in my rucksack, I'm taking them.
So that's how it works...
*sigh* So... I'm Lynx, a member of the Belobog Snow Plains research team. For work-related matters, please contact me during working hours. I'm unavailable at any other time. That's all, bye.
Hm... Sleeping bag, moisture resistant sleeping mat... All ready. It's time to go.
Mm, I think I'll set up camp here. I wonder if the aurora will be visible tonight...
For the Landau family, matters are simple: If you want to do something, go for it. I wanted to see the Snow Plains, so I joined the research team... It was as simple as that.
There's nothing to worry about when you're prepared. It's the unprepared you should be concerned about. Oh, you're worried about me always going alone? Eh... It's better being alone.
Exploring the Snow Plains... Of course there will be all kinds of challenges along the way, but solving them is part of the fun.
It's such a bother to talk to people and try to figure out what they mean... *sigh* At least when I talk to Pela, I don't have to think so much...
Beware of the mountain winds in the Kandor Valley — they are usually the harbinger of a blizzard. And never, ever stay in the canyon at night.
Everything outside of Belobog is buried in snow, including all the history of the old world. But if we can bring it all back into the light of day by exploring the Snow Plains, then the choice seems simple: Just go for it.
It must be very tiring for Miss Bronya to have to deal with so many people every day.
I actually admire her for her many talents... Don't tell her I said that.
My brother is a very capable and very good man... It would be nice if he didn't worry so much about me.
There are many things that only Pela can understand... Hehe.
He seems to be a wanted criminal that my brother is tracking, but I feel like I see him occasionally in the Snow Plains... Ah! Is HE the legendary Belobog Caveman!?
Even the Snow Plains have an end...
Perfect, now's my chance.
Stay calm now, Lynx...
Commencing research.
I should've brought a chair with me...
Excuse me, coming through.
Relax, deep breaths.
Ugh, I think something bit me...
I've gotta stop the bleeding.
To travel far away...
For a tough case like yours, we're gonna try them all!
Brother... Sister...
Let's start again.
Just in time.
Every step is just a part of the adventure.
Looks handy. Into the backpack!
I don't have space for all this...
Another handy survival skill.
Seems this path is no good either...
Get some rest while you can and gather your strength.
Target specimen sighted, preparing for collection.
Time for something savory.
If they can fit in my rucksack, I'm taking them.
So that's how it works...
*sigh* So... I'm Lynx, a member of the Belobog Snow Plains research team. For work-related matters, please contact me during working hours. I'm unavailable at any other time. That's all, bye.
Hm... Sleeping bag, moisture resistant sleeping mat... All ready. It's time to go.
Mm, I think I'll set up camp here. I wonder if the aurora will be visible tonight...
For the Landau family, matters are simple: If you want to do something, go for it. I wanted to see the Snow Plains, so I joined the research team... It was as simple as that.
There's nothing to worry about when you're prepared. It's the unprepared you should be concerned about. Oh, you're worried about me always going alone? Eh... It's better being alone.
Exploring the Snow Plains... Of course there will be all kinds of challenges along the way, but solving them is part of the fun.
It's such a bother to talk to people and try to figure out what they mean... *sigh* At least when I talk to Pela, I don't have to think so much...
Beware of the mountain winds in the Kandor Valley — they are usually the harbinger of a blizzard. And never, ever stay in the canyon at night.
Everything outside of Belobog is buried in snow, including all the history of the old world. But if we can bring it all back into the light of day by exploring the Snow Plains, then the choice seems simple: Just go for it.
It must be very tiring for Miss Bronya to have to deal with so many people every day.
I actually admire her for her many talents... Don't tell her I said that.
My brother is a very capable and very good man... It would be nice if he didn't worry so much about me.
There are many things that only Pela can understand... Hehe.
He seems to be a wanted criminal that my brother is tracking, but I feel like I see him occasionally in the Snow Plains... Ah! Is HE the legendary Belobog Caveman!?
Let's go.
The snow is supposed to get heavier later in the day... Have you got enough warm clothes?
The snow is supposed to get heavier later in the day... We need to find a good place to set up camp first.
...You remembered all that? I expected no less from you! But it's gonna be hard finding a place that fits those criteria.
Well, we'll just keep moving and see. The place has to be convenient enough for us to observe the aurora, too.
Nope. The wind blows strongly through here, and there are signs of direwolf activity... It'd be too dangerous to make camp.
But there are cliffs all around. We'll be in trouble if there's a landslide or rockfall. Also, there isn't much of a view...
Ah! I remember a good place that's not too far from here. Follow me!
Yep. This is the path to Kandor Valley. There are low cliffs on both sides, but I cleared all the monsters here a while ago, so it should be safe and sound.
Also, the mountain wind during this season usually comes from the north, which is another reason why we couldn't camp on that previous slope. These two hills can block the Snow Plains gales for us.
...Not really, but the environment outside of Belobog is very tough.
If the weather here was as good as inside the city, then we could have camped anywhere.
Hehe, don't worry about that for now — let's get the tent ready then go find our dinner.
Okay, then I'll go set up the stove. If you have any questions, just ask me.
(Huh? Why isn't the heater working...?)
(Darn, doesn't seem like an easy fix...)
(Alright. I'll ask Pela...)
Mm, lemme have a check...
Main poles, check. Brow poles, check. Ropes, check...
...Ah, it's the pegs!
The pegs. I forgot to mention — thick snow needs leaded iron pegs.
You're too kind... My oversight.
Uhh... I've got a question, too. Can you take a look at this stove? I think it's broken...
No... Serval told me this was a brand-new stove...
(Did I bring the wrong stove...? Does this mean we have to make a fire with Geomarrow? I specifically got this stove from Serval...)
...I'll come with you!
Finding food is easy, but finding that component is gonna be hard...
Oh, actually, I have some spare chunks of Geomarrow...
Don't tell me you wanna crawl in there...
In that case... be careful.
Did you find anything?
Hmm...
It hasn't decayed — it's edible!
It's all thanks to the Eternal Freeze. We can eat raw fish from 700 years ago!
Huh? What's in this tree trunk...
...There's food in here!
I'm gonna pry it open...
There!
These are mimic snow slugs. They can change their appearance to match the external environment. They're really cute.
No, no! These slugs taste really good once they've been roasted... They kinda taste like... snow mice?
There's something in this snow drift...
...Huh!? I can do the digging! You don't need to...
Ah... Okay.
Yep, that's a snow radish. They're really sweet and tasty...
...
...Actually... no. This is a hibernating snow radish rabbit.
Yep. They look really similar to snow radishes. Their ears look like the leaves and their body looks like the radish bit. When they hibernate, they cover themselves with dirt, just like real radishes.
Yeah... It's better for the Snow Plains' ecosystem.
Let's open it up then.
...
Sure looks like it... And they were probably placed here not long ago...
...Could it be the Belobog Caveman's food?
It's a legendary creature. It looks like something between a man and a monkey, roughly the same size as a man, with dark blue hair. Its activities are very mysterious, and no one in Belobog can find concrete evidence of its existence...
I've only chanced upon it a few times myself, but whenever I tried to take a photo of it, it had already run away.
I feel like... these sausages might constitute a great Belobogian scientific discovery! Let's bring them back with us.
*sigh* ...
I think we've searched through everything here... Let's head back, Pela.
It's fine, we'll just light a fire with Geomarrow... Let's go back and have some food.
Pela...
We... don't really need that stove to cook.
I think there's something in the camp... Be careful.
Mm, I see it too. But it doesn't seem aggressive... and it's all chubby and cute...
Huh? But this little buddy gave me something good last time, and it didn't hurt me...
Ah, but...
I didn't even get to take a photo of it last time. Now's a good chance...
Can I at least take a picture, Pela? That's also my job as a researcher.
...Ah, it noticed us.
Finally got a picture...
Yeah... that's the nature of these little things. They disappear in a flash when they get scared.
Don't worry, Pela... that's the nature of these little things. They disappear in a flash when they get scared.
That's my conclusion from my long-term observations. As for those lost Guards... maybe they were chasing these little creatures and couldn't find their way back.
Don't be sorry. It pays to be careful.
Anyway, crisis resolved! We can now make some food...
...Huh? Our little buddy seems to have dropped something.
It disappeared again...
No, just a bit curious. But these guys do disappear in a flash when they get scared.
Anyway, crisis resolved! We can now make some food...
...Huh? Our little buddy seems to have dropped something.
...Ah! N—Nothing! Just some old stuff...
I—It's great we finally found the component! Let's go fix the stove!
...Nope, nope, it's all your imagination!
What is this magic? I couldn't figure out the problem at all...
My sister...
Ah... nothing. Just... sometimes I'm a bit jealous of Serval, you know? She knows everything...
...Huh?
You say that, but...
...Never mind. It's getting late. Let's cook something.
Anyways, let's take a look at what ingredients we have.
(Every ingredient has its own effect, and combining them will create unexpected results...)
(What kind of effects are they gonna make? Let's just give it a try.)
Ah... 700-year-old raw fish.
The older, the rarer! Plus, you had to enter that ruin for it — even more special...
Then let's just say it'll be tonight's main course, haha. Time to show you my culinary skills!
It's no problem! Leave it to me.
Ta-da. Frostweave Salmon Bread is ready!
Ah... Cute mimic snow slug.
Don't worry. It may not look tasty, but I guarantee you'll fall in love with it on the first bite.
Then let's just say it'll be tonight's main course, haha. Time to show you my culinary skills!
It's no problem! Leave it to me.
Ta-da. The Stone-Roasted Meat Skewer is ready!
Ah... raw fish from 700 years ago and some cute mimic snow slug.
Don't worry. We'll make them into a hotpot. Just add cream, biscuit crumbs, and the canned sardines I brought...
Well then, this will be the main course for tonight — I'll show you what I can do as a chef!
Come on, it's fine. Just leave it to me.
Ta-da! The super delicious Snow Plains Combo Stew is ready!
The aurora should start soon. Before that... let's just chat.
Pela... Why did you suddenly want to come camping?
Well, aren't you always saying how you just wanna lie in bed when you get off work?
No, no! I mean, sure, I'm not the most sociable of people, but I love camping with a good friend.
I had a great time — it's been a lot of fun.
You're always like this. Even on this camping trip, you keep trying to do things.
You really don't need to, just leave it to me. Camping is about relaxing — no need to be so tense.
So all those comics you drew for the Tales series didn't count?
You care about other people's opinions too much.
I... I'm not as cool as you think.
I don't know how to handle my brother and sister... They keep treating me as a kid.
They're both really capable and awesome people... Which is why I feel really pressured when I'm with them...
I'm already a grown-up... I have the capacity to do what I want to do...
Why can't they just stop worrying and let me do what I want?
...Ah, sorry. I shouldn't talk about this. I was getting carried away.
Let's focus on the fight first.
They were probably attracted by the stove. The Stellaron crisis is over, why are there still so many monsters?
Pela? Who is this?
I see. Well, in that case, thanks for saving us — not to mention Belobog.
So, what's a big hero like you doing out here?
*sigh*...I knew it.
Never mind... I can take a guess. Serval and Gepard sent you to protect us, right?
They're always like this. It's impossible to get some private time as their younger sister.
Since you followed us all the way here, you probably know why we're out camping today...
Stay and watch the aurora with us.
It's about time for it to appear...
Come this way.
This is the largest aurora since the Stellaron crisis passed.
We're really lucky to see it.
You look really happy.
Yeah, go for it, Pela.
It's okay. I won't be sad. I understand what Pela really feels.
I understand what Pela really feels. You don't need to hide it.
We can! I heard a pretty good steak place opened up in the south of the Administrative District. We can go try it out together.
Ah, Pela! Hold on...
This... is for you.
I found this on the ground before I fixed the stove. I guess that Fragmentum creature dropped it.
I think... it might be best if you check it out yourself.
Mm...
Then let's wait for Pela together. She's in the storage room.
Mm-hmm. I went back, stored my supplies, and had a shower. It didn't take long.
Let's wait for Pela together. She's in the storage room.
She's in the storage room. Let's wait for her.
I think she's looking over the contents of that floppy disk... Let's give her some time.
I don't know the exact details, but...
...
I'm guessing you don't know about Pela's mother, right?
Penya Sergeyevna was Belobog's greatest outdoor explorer — passed away sixteen years ago.
She's famous in Belobog. You might have heard other people mention her in passing.
Mm, she doesn't usually talk about it.
I asked her already... and she said it was fine. She seems like she really trusts you.
Looks like Pela was right in trusting you.
The exploration team belonged to the Silvermane Guards at the time, so they had authorization.
*sigh* Anyway, something else happened sixteen years ago...
...Pela was born.
...Yes.
They say that despite her pregnancy, Madam Penya insisted on staying at the Snow Plains camp. She couldn't go to the front lines, but she was able to handle administrative duties.
Then, finally... the day of Pela's birth arrived.
Tragically, there were complications... Other serious incidents occurred that day — the exploration team ran into a blizzard and the camp lost contact with the outside world... No one knew what to do.
The only good thing... was that Pela was born healthy.
...
The floppy disk... If the old research team members were telling the truth...
...it was something Madam Penya left behind.
Madam Penya asked a colleague to take her terminal and floppy disk back to Belobog — she said they contained a "treasure" for Pela.
She said that once Pela was older, she'd be able to understand the contents.
But that colleague was attacked by Fragmentum creatures on his way back to the city.
During the attack, he dropped the floppy disk in confusion, only managing to bring back the terminal.
Apart from Madam Penya, nobody knew what the floppy disk contained... but they say she left Pela many letters.
From the moment she knew she was pregnant, to the day of Pela's birth...
...never missing a day.
...
I'm fine...
...
...The workshop.
I'll wait for you there.
...
Serval, Gepard...
...
...I'm back!
Mm...
I'm sorry... for always being so stubborn...
(It's probably better not to separate...)
I can't see Belobog at all from here...
I can hardly even see Mt. Zarathustrazapala Iskandra.
But that's the tallest peak on the whole planet...
Mt. Zarathustrazapala Iskandra — it's the tallest mountain we know of on the planet...
...Before I boarded the Express, I thought Belobog and the Snow Plains were the entire world. I didn't think reality would surpass my imagination this much.
Yeah, you're right.
Once I've discovered all the secrets on this planet... I'll go with you to head deeper into the universe.
Don't turn me down when the time comes, okay?
The universe... I'm already feeling hyped up.
Yeah, you're right.
Once I've discovered all the secrets on this planet... I'll go with you to head deeper into the universe.
Don't turn me down when the time comes, okay?
That conductor looks really familiar...
I swear I've seen them before.
Maybe they look like a Snow Plains creature? Hmm. I don't remember seeing one that looks like that...
Yeah, probably. But I don't have anything like that in my records.
...Nope. I'm completely lost. And my records aren't helping...
I doubt it. Himeko told me Pom-Pom is unique. I don't have anything like that in my records...
...
Ah! I remember now! It's the armillary sphere. There's a shape on it that really looks like Pom-Pom!
But why the armillary sphere? That's so odd...
It's the armillary sphere for sure. There's a shape on it that really looks like Pom-Pom!
But why the armillary sphere? That's so odd...
The feeling on the Express is really unique.
Everyone's so knowledgeable, and super easy to talk to...
...I like it.
Hehe, don't mind if I do.
Not really. It's not always easy to talk to my brother and sister.
Really? Well, that's good to hear.
Now I have one more reason to board the Express...
...I'm really looking forward to my future here. It's gonna be so much fun.
Maybe I should go pack my bag right now...
I'm really looking forward to my future here. It's gonna be so much fun.
Maybe I should go pack my bag right now...
I learned a lot from Dan Heng...
...You wouldn't think he was so chatty!
Um... lots.
Yeah, I was surprised too.
I asked him how to use the Express' data bank... but somehow we ended up talking about Belobog geography.
Then we talked about the geography of lots of other planets. Well, he talked and I listened... but it was very interesting.
I never thought the world beyond Belobog could be so huge...
...I can't wait to explore beyond the sky.
I never thought the world beyond Belobog could be so huge...
...I can't wait to explore beyond the sky.
The Express is a bit too... warm.
Makes my brain a little... slow.
Feels like I'm about to — *yawn* — fall asleep...
Ah...? But... the data bank... It hasn't been...
Uhh... I don't wanna cause her trouble...
And... the data bank... It hasn't been...
Hasn't been...
*snoring*
...
*snoring*
...
I found this in the Snow Plains the other day...
...Here.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Come on — take it.
You can always find something surprising in the Snow Plains... That's the charm of outdoor exploration.
If you're interested in going sometime, we could ask Pela to come too. It'll be just like the camping trip...
...But the conditions will probably be a lot worse this time around — you'll need to be ready.
You can always find something surprising in the Snow Plains... That's the charm of outdoor exploration.
If you're interested in going sometime, we could ask Pela to come too. It'll be just like the camping trip...
...But the conditions will probably be a lot worse this time around — you'll need to be ready.
I want to buy something.
This is Herta. I'm busy right now. This is my ranged puppet's automated-response mode: Hello everyone. Hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Why not come around today and help me with my research? You'll be the subject, by the way.
*sigh* I've lost interest in your research potential for today. See you tomorrow.
What do you make of it? It's about seventy percent similar to how I looked as a child.
Best not to ponder, you'll be scratching your chin all day.
The good thing about this club is that it doesn't ask me for anything. In fact, it doesn't even care if I'm a member.
Why do I get to visit an Aeon? I'm Herta, that's why.
If you're not solving problems or writing up contributions, then don't blame me if your life is boring.
I'm perfect enough already. What else do I need to prove? Of course, I could write a few more books... but what would I get out of that? Why should I bother?
The Intelligentsia Guild is always able to find a way to support their case, writing enough "scholarship" in one night to fill a library... This is a problem.
The Lord of Silence erased the eyes from the portrait, but drew everyone's attention in the process.
Asta provided financial assistance to a few exceptional children — I assume Arlan was one of them.
If my other collections had people like Asta watching over them, I could take a hands-off approach.
I give her the most boring things, and then she gives them back to me and they're suddenly interesting.
Ruan Mei is a genius among geniuses — I won't deny that. I don't always get along with her, but I do admire her... Maybe the admiration is mutual.
Define inspiration? Tsk, it's only the several thousand ideas racing through my mind every minute.
You call that a build update?
Finally. Clocking off. Bye.
Happy? Word of advice: Don't expect too much from a puppet.
You better be good. My time is precious.
Why the long face? I'm not going to eat you.
Asta! Here's the key. Gotta go now — bye.
You know the drill — send me all your new toys, and I'll return them later.
I don't usually get to see you outside the Simulated Universe. Who do you want to experiment on this time?
Oh, poor you...
And you're supposed to be stronger?
What are you looking at?
Idle mode... *yawn* How boring.
This is gonna hurt.
Maybe you can keep it down!?
I won't break.
I'm breaking!
Do you know who I am?
Ever see a diamond this big? It's all yours~
Time to twirl~
Connection... lost...
Rebooting...
How appropriate.
Upgrade configured.
How am I gonna get that time back!
That's it?
Awesome. Cool. Can we go now?
It took you that long?
Now, how should I dispose of you?
Is there anything interesting here? I doubt it.
You must be honored to meet me?
Time to twirl!
Meh, acceptable quality.
I can do this in my sleep.
This is Herta. I'm busy right now. This is my ranged puppet's automated-response mode: Hello everyone. Hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Why not come around today and help me with my research? You'll be the subject, by the way.
*sigh* I've lost interest in your research potential for today. See you tomorrow.
What do you make of it? It's about seventy percent similar to how I looked as a child.
Best not to ponder, you'll be scratching your chin all day.
The good thing about this club is that it doesn't ask me for anything. In fact, it doesn't even care if I'm a member.
Why do I get to visit an Aeon? I'm Herta, that's why.
If you're not solving problems or writing up contributions, then don't blame me if your life is boring.
I'm perfect enough already. What else do I need to prove? Of course, I could write a few more books... but what would I get out of that? Why should I bother?
The Intelligentsia Guild is always able to find a way to support their case, writing enough "scholarship" in one night to fill a library... This is a problem.
The Lord of Silence erased the eyes from the portrait, but drew everyone's attention in the process.
Asta provided financial assistance to a few exceptional children — I assume Arlan was one of them.
If my other collections had people like Asta watching over them, I could take a hands-off approach.
I give her the most boring things, and then she gives them back to me and they're suddenly interesting.
Ruan Mei is a genius among geniuses — I won't deny that. I don't always get along with her, but I do admire her... Maybe the admiration is mutual.
Define inspiration? Tsk, it's only the several thousand ideas racing through my mind every minute.
You call that a build update?
Finally. Clocking off. Bye.
Happy? Word of advice: Don't expect too much from a puppet.
You better be good. My time is precious.
Why the long face? I'm not going to eat you.
Asta! Here's the key. Gotta go now — bye.
You know the drill — send me all your new toys, and I'll return them later.
I don't usually get to see you outside the Simulated Universe. Who do you want to experiment on this time?
Oh, poor you...
And you're supposed to be stronger?
What are you looking at?
Idle mode... *yawn* How boring.
This is gonna hurt.
Maybe you can keep it down!?
I won't break.
I'm breaking!
Do you know who I am?
Ever see a diamond this big? It's all yours~
Time to twirl~
Connection... lost...
Rebooting...
How appropriate.
Upgrade configured.
How am I gonna get that time back!
That's it?
Awesome. Cool. Can we go now?
It took you that long?
Now, how should I dispose of you?
Is there anything interesting here? I doubt it.
You must be honored to meet me?
Time to twirl!
Meh, acceptable quality.
I can do this in my sleep.
This is Herta. I'm busy right now. This is my ranged puppet's automated-response mode: Hello everyone. Hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Why not come around today and help me with my research? You'll be the subject, by the way.
*sigh* I've lost interest in your research potential for today. See you tomorrow.
What do you make of it? It's about seventy percent similar to how I looked as a child.
Best not to ponder, you'll be scratching your chin all day.
The good thing about this club is that it doesn't ask me for anything. In fact, it doesn't even care if I'm a member.
Why do I get to visit an Aeon? I'm Herta, that's why.
If you're not solving problems or writing up contributions, then don't blame me if your life is boring.
I'm perfect enough already. What else do I need to prove? Of course, I could write a few more books... but what would I get out of that? Why should I bother?
The Intelligentsia Guild is always able to find a way to support their case, writing enough "scholarship" in one night to fill a library... This is a problem.
The Lord of Silence erased the eyes from the portrait, but drew everyone's attention in the process.
Asta provided financial assistance to a few exceptional children — I assume Arlan was one of them.
If my other collections had people like Asta watching over them, I could take a hands-off approach.
I give her the most boring things, and then she gives them back to me and they're suddenly interesting.
Ruan Mei is a genius among geniuses — I won't deny that. I don't always get along with her, but I do admire her... Maybe the admiration is mutual.
This is Madam Herta, or better known as member 83 of the Genius Society. In her childhood, she solved the solitary waves theory and the Spark model hypothesis. In her adolescence, she found the Sigma Baryons conversion method. In middle-age, she proposed the Herta sequence and published a paper on de-aging.
In her senior years, she managed to reverse her own age via de-aging, and went on to solve the mystery of the imaginary leakage phenomenon, and even captured and sealed a stellaron. Madam Herta has saved the planet she was on from destruction 19 times and has met the Aeons twice.
This space station is her property.
Oh, Elias Salas, such a lovely old fellow. He is Member 56 of the Genius Society, one of the only two publicly elected Ministers in the Society's history. Be grateful to him! He created the Synesthesia Beacons and over-range remote sensing, the cornerstones of modern cosmic communication.
However, he did not disclose his inventions to the public, so I hereby certify that the rights of these two technologies belong to the Intelligentsia Guild. To be honest, I am not a big fan of the Guild, but it is impressive that they managed to reproduce Elias Salas' inventions.
Polka Kakamond, member #4 of the Genius Society. A woman full of mystery. Many people in the Society died by her hand. I haven't heard anything about her for many years, but I firmly believe she is still alive.
Hey, Lord of Silence, if you're here, if you're listening... I'm member 83, Herta, and I want to meet you. I believe you and I will have a lot to talk about.
Zandar One Kuwabara, Genius Society member 1. I hung up his portrait purely out of respect. Without him, there would be no Genius Society today.
Frankly, I don't know what he has achieved. None of his books and inventions have survived, but there's gotta be a place for the founder of the Society, right?
This is Aiden, member 22 of the Genius Society. The most selfless and the strangest one. He spent his whole life helping others. Personally, I don't see the point.
But the Society is famous thanks to him. The Interastral Peace Corporation has been trying to find a replacement ever since his death. They searched for many Amber Eras, but no genius was willing to lower their head to the IPC... Until they found me.
Member 76 of the Genius Society, Screwllum. I have known him for a long time. He is a really good man, a gentleman with an exceptional mechanical mind. I have learned a lot from him.
Recently, I have been working with him and Ruan Mei on a project! I hope this project can help us get closer to the greatest mystery of the universe...
At least give me a proper introduction! Genius Society number 83... Of all my outstanding achievements, that's what you want to mention?
Yeah, up to speed yet? That place you all turned upside down? That's my property.
What you're seeing here is one of my puppets. I'm using her to talk to you.
Alright, laugh it up. That old Zandar came up with the name. You think I like it?
So this little twerp has the Stellaron now? Huh.
Hmm, truly amazing! I built a whole space station just to contain this unactivated Stellaron and keep The Blue from disaster...
Yet someone was able to achieve that with this little twerp's body. How did they do it?
You're right. This little one's body truly is strange...
Hah! Compared to me, you are. How old are you even?
That's... beside the point. Hey is this one the same kind as that March 7th? If that were true...
That's different. We have business with each other. Umm, what was your name again?
Forget it, let's focus on the one who can store a Stellaron in their body...
You can leave. I'm discussing science with what's her face... Himeko? Science exists in objectivity, there's nothing to be secretive about.
But as far as you're concerned, I think it would be better for you to listen in. After all, I have a lot of plans ahead involving you. Speaking of which, Himeko...
This little twerp really has a temper. Don't worry, I won't hurt a hair on your head. With my skills, even surgery would be painless!
Aren't you worried about that bomb inside of you? Let me help you while I'm still interested. Once I'm not, I won't do any studies even if you beg me.
Study you of course. Your body contains a Stellaron, which, in some sense, is no different than storing a bomb. Who knows what might happen? Maybe it'll blow you to bits someday.
You should be grateful that this genius is willing to help you out. I still have some interest now, but once that's gone, I'm not studying you even if you beg me.
This little twerp's pretty financially motivated. I like it.
I'm very interested now, so there's almost nothing I won't accommodate. A Stellaron in your body, how interesting is that! Be grateful that I'm offering to help you out. This is a service even the IPC can't buy.
Well, I'm going to have to modify your wording here: This little twerp can only stay temporarily until the research is done. Or maybe I'll lose interest halfway through and they can just beat it.
Not my problem.
Hm, works for me, keeps this subject fresh, too. And that way I won't need to keep worrying about this little twerp all the time. Perfect!
My advice would be to get on. You're not doing me that big of a favor by staying anyway.
You should meet the others of the Genius Society. Some of them will trick you into thanking them after they milk you dry. At least I have my honesty going for me.
Yes, give it some good thought.
Just remember to come back often. Make an appointment in advance with Asta or Arlan so I can make time to study you.
Hmm, I'll have to take a good look.
Still haven't made up your mind? Fine. Since I'm interested in you, I'll answer any questions you have.
On paper, yes. But I don't really care about this place. I built it, put some stuff in, left some people here, and let them just manage themselves.
Asta's the lead researcher of the space station, so for all intents and purposes, she's the master. I reject the concept of ownership because I don't want the responsibilities that come with it.
It doesn't matter. Who cares if others don't like me? I know I don't care. As long as I have my own value, I can do whatever I want.
While you may have good character, do you have any value? Don't take that the wrong way, I'm genuinely asking you. You might have some value, I just don't know about it.
Human, female, young, beautiful, attractive.
Not much different from what you're seeing now. I modeled it after how I looked, back when I was a kid. It might not be identical, but I'd say maybe 70, 80 percent there?
Oh, I was so precocious — all I cared about back then was solving the solitary wave problem, ignoring my precious childhood...
According to my research, it's a type of lifeform with a special property that tethers it to a certain Path or Aeon's power.
Wherever it's located, it responds to that world's desires to advance its civilization. But, this comes at the cost of some form of disaster. The mechanism behind it is likely related to Nanook the Destruction.
Oh, that weird bunch. I'm satisfied with just one Stellaron, but they've scoured the universe, obtained several, and still aren't satisfied. I don't know what their true intentions are.
{RUBY_B#Genius Society #76}Screwllum{RUBY_E#} went up against the Stellaron Hunters before. I heard there was a member whose hacking skills were on par with Screwllum.
Being on the same level as Screwllum — who's probably the best in the universe — is nothing short of spectacular. It's beyond my abilities, computers are not my forte.
Ha... That I don't know. Which is why I'm gearing up to solve this mystery.
You mean how it looks? Like a train. Well...
I was very interested in the Express for a while, and wrote a lot of papers, but forgot where I left them. Now I can't remember anything about it.
Uh-huh.
We've been business partners for a long time.
Every once in a while, I'll need them to get me things from other planets, and they often come to me to help them solve problems.
Of course, I'll still be here waiting for you, eh... and the space station will be waiting for you. Returning... it's not impossible.
If you wanna be a researcher here, you can just ask Asta. If she's fine with it, I have no complaints.
No, hold on — you have a Stellaron within you. I think it's better if you left and came back occasionally. It might be dangerous if you stay for too long...
Well, from an objective standpoint, that's the most rational place for you to be.
First of all, you have somewhere to live. And you'd be under their protection. Also, it'll be a long trip, so you'll have more opportunities to find a way to save yourself from the Stellaron. Lastly, if the Stellaron really explodes, you won't harm too many people around you.
Oh, how should I know! It's up to you, you have so many options to choose from. Maybe jump out a hatch, or hop into the Fragmentum and see if any monsters start worshiping you?
Okay, suit yourself.
Me? Hmm, well, Talking about oneself is as pointless as it gets.
The Express? Shouldn't you be asking Himeko instead?
Stellarons, huh? Ask away, I'm listening.
Uh, what decision? You're gonna have to be more specific.
Of course, I'll still be here waiting for you, eh... and the space station will be waiting for you. Returning... it's not impossible.
If you wanna be a researcher here, you can just ask Asta. If she's fine with it, I have no complaints.
No, hold on — you have a Stellaron within you. I think it's better if you left and came back occasionally. It might be dangerous if you stay for too long...
No. You're way too dangerous. I don't mind personally, but I don't want Asta and others to take the risk.
You wouldn't want the Stellaron in you to hurt all the people in the space station either, right?
Just come back once in a while. You will always be welcome at the space station — just don't stay for too long.
...You really are weird. What's so good about this place? Even I don't like staying here...
Ugh. Fine. To be honest with you, I have plenty of ways to seal a mere Stellaron — You just might end up not having a lot of personal freedom.
If you're so keen to stay... Fine. I'm okay with it. Go speak to Asta. She's the lead researcher. She's in charge.
As I've said, talk to Asta! She's the lead researcher. She's in charge. Go, go, go.
Hey, there you are.
I haven't moved. What you're seeing is one of my remote-controlled puppets. They're all over the station. I just connect to one wherever I am needed.
Who's waiting for you? I've been busy. What you're seeing is one of my remote-controlled puppets. They're all over the station. I just connect to one wherever I am needed.
Aeons... think about it. What mystical existences! Some Aeons used to be ordinary humans like you and me, but somehow THEY managed to obtain power beyond our imagination! THEY are mysterious, powerful, silent and terrifying! It's hard to explain all the mysteries surrounding THEM.
Great. Curiosity is the foundation of science. Now, we can't just think about it. We should also act. I want to give you the chance to participate in this project. Let's work together.
42 what? Are you even listening to me? We want to solve the mystery behind the Aeons! Right now I want you to participate in this project!
The four geniuses of the society wrote a program together. You see the big machine in the office? That machine contains a universe, just like the universe we live in, but it's more streamlined and customized.
I call it the "Metaverse"!
Oh really? That's what my partners said as well. Fine, I am a team player. Then let's call it the "Simulated Universe."
Now go and experience it for yourself. I will guide you in the Simulated Universe to make sure nothing happens to you! I'll even give you a substantial reward.
What's up? I'll only answer questions about the Simulated Universe.
Got some questions?
Oh, in layman's terms, it will simulate the Aeons THEMSELVES. Then we can ask THEM questions.
The society has pulled a lot of strings and diverted a lot of resources to make this project happen... The false Aeons we have simulated are connected with real ones, so you can say we have basically created a bunch of powerless mini Aeons.
Of course, if you want to get to the nitty-gritty, it's not that simple... This project has encountered plenty of hiccups along the way. It wasn't all smooth sailing.
Well, the project was jointly launched by four members of our society. There's Ruan Mei, a master in the field of creation. She cultivated the protoplasm simulating the Aeons. There's Screwllum, the famous mechanical aristocrat, who is responsible for writing the underlying logic of the program and the algorithm for the galaxy.
There's me, Herta, who is responsible for providing the venue, personnel, resources, and adding some interesting systems to the project. There's also Stephen— oh, um, he wants to keep it a secret, so... forget about him.
Well, because you're special... You have a Stellaron in your body. You're living the life of a trailblazer, and even Nanook took a glance at you. So the Aeons may be more willing to accept you.
You know, the Aeons have no concept of free will at all. THEY think about nothing but the destined Path. So, when we asked THEM questions, THEY simply ignored us, even when Screwllum gave THEM each a simulated personality and maxed out THEIR social tendency stat.
So we decided a different approach... with you.
Got some questions?
It is a simulation of the entire universe according to Screwllum's design. But right now, only limited locations are open for access in this terminal. It's enough for us. Screwllum likes to design big useless things. He has a whole planet to himself, so he doesn't care about spatial limitations...
Because combat is the best way to connect with one's Path. Only then can we summon those simulated Aeons. Those guys don't have any special talents, but they are as much a real pain in the butt as the actual gods...
Of course! For your safety, I want to ensure that everything you see is manageable. I don't want you to lose your mind in the simulation!
I knew you'd ask about this. Go on.
You can keep all the information you get from the simulated Aeons. Isn't that enough? Some people would sell their firstborn just to see an Aeon! And you will get to speak with THEM face to face!
Oh, well... If you want, I am sure I can arrange something. I have more credits than I know what to do with. But honestly, it's just a bunch of numbers the IPC typed up.
I want to give you something more practical and realistic, something that can really help you. So, it may be different from how you imagined...
Don't forget to test my Simulated Universe!
That's not gonna happen.
I'll say it again. I don't care what Ruan Mei said to you, but there's no chance we're shutting down the Simulated Universe!
"The Simulated Universe is bound to make errors." You said that yourself, and that's exactly what we're experiencing. Why is it a problem all of a sudden?
The Simulated Universe never disappointed me. You are what disappoints me... Screwllum.
Do you really think of yourself as someone so exceptionally amazing? Right now, you're more like... like... like someone from the Nitwit Society.
That's enough.
Leave if you don't want to be a part of this. Go tell the other two yourself... Oh, and take your tech with you. I don't need it.
I can go and find Adrian Taylor, or the red-nosed old man from Epsilon, or even the Intelligentsia Guild — at least they won't quit halfway!
Screwllum, we've known each other for a long time. This is the first time I feel that...
You're nothing but a piece of ice-cold metal.
Do you not see whose name it is on the desk? Hmph, I can come and go as I wish. Besides, if anyone is going to leave, it definitely won't be me.
What, am I not allowed to come back? I really don't care what you guys do. Just don't pester me.
Hmph, a flawless victory — hope you caught a glimpse of Herta's awesomeness, kiddo.
Naturally.
Mhm, make sure you never forget about it.
You think this was complicated? Do you think the Punklorde hackers are amateurs?
I couldn't care less about what happened with the space station, but I will surely repay the favor tenfold to anyone who dares to taunt me.
I already notified someone at the IPC to freeze all her accounts. She's probably crying in front of her computer right now. Hahaha!
...Oh, right, I need your help with something else. That Curio's gone missing, and I can't just forget about it. Go find it for me when you have the time. I'm sure you can manage that, can't you?
Let me describe it again, in case you forgot: It's an ■■■■. It's alive, but it doesn't have a body.
Send me a signal when you see traces of it.
Anyway, keep up the good work. I need to go out for a bit. Go ask Asta if you want someone to help you.
Let me describe it again, in case you forgot: It's an ■■■■. It's alive, but it doesn't have a body.
Send me a signal when you see traces of it.
Anyway, keep up the good work. I need to go out for a bit. Go ask Asta if you want someone to help you.
Let me describe it again, in case you forgot: It's an energy lifeform. It's alive, but it doesn't have a body.
Send me a signal when you see traces of it.
That's not the point. I wouldn't be bothering with it if it didn't have something to do with the Genius Society.
Anyway, keep up the good work. I need to go out for a bit. Go ask Asta if you want someone to help you.
I thought member #4, Polka Kakamond, had gotten rid of most of the Society members. I didn't have a lot of hope for this... Oh? Look who's here.
Of course. This is a summit between three geniuses.
I took her to see the portraits of the Society members a few days ago. I wanted to have the researchers make one for her as well, but she declined the offer.
I don't get it. Whatever. As long as she's happy.
Of course, go find her yourself. She borrowed the Phase Flame to do some research as soon as she got here — haven't seen a trace of her since.
That's like asking "Is Herta a great person?" The answer is obvious!
She just wanted somewhere uninhabited to experiment with her "Life Helix System." Ruan Mei is certainly very talented, but she hardly interacts with anyone. She lives like a hermit. Pity.
Hi, Ruan Mei, I've been waiting for you. Oh, you're here too? Looks like you two have become quite friendly.
Let me get straight to the point. I think it's time to find another partner for the Simulated Universe.
No, of course not! Stephen doesn't want to get involved and voted to abstain — whatever. Look, I respect the way people want to live, but he doesn't have the chance to be involved in this decision-making anymore.
Yes. A fifth genius.
The reason for our gathering is clear to everyone present. What else could prompt such a gathering of brilliant minds except for the "answer"?
No one can refuse the secret of the Aeons, not even Zandar. We'll definitely get a response.
That'd be great! Hey, Lord of Silence, are you listening? I'm member #83, Herta, and I want to meet you. I believe you and I will have a lot to talk about.
That's a hard pass. Given Dr. Primitive's shady research practices and his tussle with the Galaxy Rangers, the IPC will surely turn this into a media circus... he can get lost. I'd prefer it if the Simulated Universe remained scandal-free.
What about Yu Qingtu? Are you still in touch with her, Ruan Mei? Is she still alive?
Aaaand what the heck is this?
Fine, I'm used to turning a blind eye to these things — it makes life easier. I am curious though... are you gonna keep it, Ruan Mei?
Alright, I agree. As long as it helps you with your research, you can do whatever you want.
What's wrong? You're not leaving?
Depends on who they are.
Female. Wears a fashionable scarf. I find her rather fascinating.
I've upgraded the Simulated Universe — it now has more memory and can support longer sessions. The last round must've been pretty boring — I'll get Stephen to add a few more interesting things.
This part was made specifically with you in mind. Ready to have some fun?
Stephen said the same thing. I don't really get "fun," but whatever. What's more important is that the rewards will also increase!
Oh, but we will — after all, you're gonna be spending more time on this project.
What can I say? I don't trust it either. For some reason, whenever someone tells me they're gonna do something interesting, I end up imagining a pile of trash...
...so I'd rather talk with you about the added rewards part.
In a nutshell, this is a long-scheduled version update with longer gameplay, more content, better rewards, and a more bizarre difficulty curve — so get ready and prepare to get back into the Simulated Universe!
I'll help you out some more. Don't worry.
Yes, just stand there and the computer will read your brainwaves, then automatically generate an immersive simulated experience...
Hmph, I haven't completely lost my interest in you. Ask what you gotta ask.
Hello? Hello, hello?
You there, Stellaron twerp and little miss pink...
What's the hold up? I have some serious research I could be doing right now. Are you gonna play or not?
Relax! I haven't told you what you've got to do yet!
If you want to challenge me, you'll need to find all of the passes hidden by the Wubbaboos on the Treasure Maps first.
Got that?
You need to locate the service robots on the space station, and take corresponding Treasure Maps from them!
Track down all three passes on the maps — achieving this means you've completed the puzzle!
Well, well, well, little miss pink and the twerp. Having fun tackling the ridiculous puzzles the Gaming Association cooked up?
You, of course, it's not like Asta's here.
Alright, alright, hurry it up. We're here for that — what's it called again — duel, right?
Or I can just give you the Mastery Mark, up to you.
Sure, no problem... Ugh, wait, I need to take this call.
...
Mm-hmm... Mm-hmm... Alright...
That was the Gaming Association — turns out they're making me stick to the rules.
Ugh, so annoying. The IPC's too concerned with its own reputation...
Fine, let's get this over with. Bring it on, I'm in a hurry.
Oops, well, looks like I lost. Here, the Mastery Mark is yours.
What? Isn't this what you wanted?
Missing something? Did you expect me to remove the twerp's Stellaron, too?
You can't always have your cake and eat it, too, you know.
Alright, let's wrap things up and get going. Next you'll be asking for a tea party...
*sigh* Fine, since you're here, I'll throw in a Q&A. One question per person, and make it snappy!
Nope. Apart from this boring festival, I have no dealings with the man.
To bolster the IPC's reputation — it's a win-win for me.
Alright, that's enough small talk. I've got things to do, seriously...
One question per person, remember? The little one doesn't count.
...Go on then.
...
No.
Oh, hang on.
Nope, but you just reminded me, Giovanni wanted me to pass on a message to you both:
"The elite player has already bested last year's champion, and claimed this year's title. Hence, this year's event will crown two champions."
That's all he had to say. Now, you'd better get a move on.
Maybe he's just trying to get you two to move faster, or he just wants to provoke you... Given his nature, this "elite player" might even be him.
Then you'd better ask him about it. It's got nothing to do with me.
Hello? Hello, hello?
You've got all three passes.
I'm sending you the coordinates.
Hurry up already. Stop wasting my time!
Why not call it quits and save us all some time?
Okay, okay, enough already. I don't have time for this. You win.
I've only been gone, what? A few months? And the space station is already in this state?
Well...
Hello, guest from the Astral Express. I am Yukong from the Luofu's Sky-Faring Commission. Welcome to the Xianzhou.
It's a good day to set sail, isn't it?
The sea of stars is vast and our journeys are difficult and long. Please look after yourself, no matter where you are.
I have worked in every post in the Sky-Faring Commission from maintenance to pilot, combat reserves to stargazer... Such a long time has gone by so quickly.
A full, complete flight can only be considered as such when it starts with a successful takeoff and ends with a good landing.
The past and present of the Sky-Faring Commission do not have such a simple relationship. The events of the past crafted its current greatness.
I like to watch the clouds... I mean, the changing nebulas. The Sky-Faring Commission governs the area around the Xianzhou, but we are merely momentary traces that quickly disappear in the sky. The nebulas are the true masters of the heavens.
Compared to the skies and the stars, our lives are as brief as fleeting insects... How I wish I can witness the day that the Xianzhou truly returns in triumph.
The Sky-Faring Commission went toe to toe twelve times against the Plagues Author in the past. Three times we were nearly wiped out, but each time we rose up from the ashes and rebuilt.
I have seen the last ray of light right before a sun dies, and the pulsing volcanic veins akin to flesh and blood on planets brought to life. I've seen the Lux Arrow of the Reignbow Arbiter flying to places light-years away, and the Rainbow Memory Bubble of the Glowswather bursting within flames...
The general may behave slovenly, but he has plans for all the affairs of the Xianzhou.
A sword will vibrate and beg to be unsheathed if it is unused for too long... Once unsheathed, it will either paint the battlefield in blood, or break itself in the process...
The Xianzhou need brawny warriors with their swords and spears, as well as unpredictable waters like her who travels freely and unrestrained.
She is indeed reckless, but she is also passionate and eager. Don't underestimate her. Youth can accomplish a lot simply by relying on such energy.
Though Bailu has been worshiped as the High Elder since birth and had no say in this, her title of Healer Lady was indeed gained from her expert practice of medicine.
You should not mention this name... it has been a forbidden word for a long time.
The heavens are vast, the kite flies where it wishes.
My soul has never wandered far from this celestial expanse.
*sigh* The day I was awarded those honors is still vivid in my mind.
I thought my days of wandering were behind me, but... there's still much to be experienced.
Should you require aid, {NICKNAME}, you need only ask.
Are you capable of handling this situation, Tingyun?
General, my bow and arrows are at the ready, awaiting your command.
Yanqing, your swordsmanship needs no guidance from me. But I encourage you to learn from your friends.
Be careful, Sushang. The battlefield tolerates no mistakes.
As easy as that.
Brave the wind!
A pilot's spirit never dies.
The time is now. We mustn't delay.
This is it.
Galeforce!
I can take it.
Argh... Watch yourselves!
The wind is rising.
Cloudkites, formation! Bolt from the blue!
The shame of it...
There'll be more to come.
Thank you, comrade.
Speed, not haste.
I'm glad we're all out safely.
Quite the taking.
A sight not often seen.
Hardly a concern.
Never let your guard down in front of your enemy.
Another busy day ahead of us?
Stay the course.
To the clouds!
May good things come in pairs.
Practice is the key to increasing proficiency.
Hello, guest from the Astral Express. I am Yukong from the Luofu's Sky-Faring Commission. Welcome to the Xianzhou.
It's a good day to set sail, isn't it?
The sea of stars is vast and our journeys are difficult and long. Please look after yourself, no matter where you are.
I have worked in every post in the Sky-Faring Commission from maintenance to pilot, combat reserves to stargazer... Such a long time has gone by so quickly.
A full, complete flight can only be considered as such when it starts with a successful takeoff and ends with a good landing.
The past and present of the Sky-Faring Commission do not have such a simple relationship. The events of the past crafted its current greatness.
I like to watch the clouds... I mean, the changing nebulas. The Sky-Faring Commission governs the area around the Xianzhou, but we are merely momentary traces that quickly disappear in the sky. The nebulas are the true masters of the heavens.
Compared to the skies and the stars, our lives are as brief as fleeting insects... How I wish I can witness the day that the Xianzhou truly returns in triumph.
The Sky-Faring Commission went toe to toe twelve times against the Plagues Author in the past. Three times we were nearly wiped out, but each time we rose up from the ashes and rebuilt.
I have seen the last ray of light right before a sun dies, and the pulsing volcanic veins akin to flesh and blood on planets brought to life. I've seen the Lux Arrow of the Reignbow Arbiter flying to places light-years away, and the Rainbow Memory Bubble of the Glowswather bursting within flames...
The general may behave slovenly, but he has plans for all the affairs of the Xianzhou.
A sword will vibrate and beg to be unsheathed if it is unused for too long... Once unsheathed, it will either paint the battlefield in blood, or break itself in the process...
The Xianzhou need brawny warriors with their swords and spears, as well as unpredictable waters like her who travels freely and unrestrained.
She is indeed reckless, but she is also passionate and eager. Don't underestimate her. Youth can accomplish a lot simply by relying on such energy.
Though Bailu has been worshiped as the High Elder since birth and had no say in this, her title of Healer Lady was indeed gained from her expert practice of medicine.
You should not mention this name... it has been a forbidden word for a long time.
The heavens are vast, the kite flies where it wishes.
My soul has never wandered far from this celestial expanse.
*sigh* The day I was awarded those honors is still vivid in my mind.
I thought my days of wandering were behind me, but... there's still much to be experienced.
Should you require aid, {NICKNAME}, you need only ask.
Are you capable of handling this situation, Tingyun?
General, my bow and arrows are at the ready, awaiting your command.
Yanqing, your swordsmanship needs no guidance from me. But I encourage you to learn from your friends.
Be careful, Sushang. The battlefield tolerates no mistakes.
As easy as that.
Brave the wind!
A pilot's spirit never dies.
The time is now. We mustn't delay.
This is it.
Galeforce!
I can take it.
Argh... Watch yourselves!
The wind is rising.
Cloudkites, formation! Bolt from the blue!
The shame of it...
There'll be more to come.
Thank you, comrade.
Speed, not haste.
I'm glad we're all out safely.
Quite the taking.
A sight not often seen.
Hardly a concern.
Never let your guard down in front of your enemy.
Another busy day ahead of us?
Stay the course.
To the clouds!
May good things come in pairs.
Practice is the key to increasing proficiency.
Hello, guest from the Astral Express. I am Yukong from the Luofu's Sky-Faring Commission. Welcome to the Xianzhou.
It's a good day to set sail, isn't it?
The sea of stars is vast and our journeys are difficult and long. Please look after yourself, no matter where you are.
I have worked in every post in the Sky-Faring Commission from maintenance to pilot, combat reserves to stargazer... Such a long time has gone by so quickly.
A full, complete flight can only be considered as such when it starts with a successful takeoff and ends with a good landing.
The past and present of the Sky-Faring Commission do not have such a simple relationship. The events of the past crafted its current greatness.
I like to watch the clouds... I mean, the changing nebulas. The Sky-Faring Commission governs the area around the Xianzhou, but we are merely momentary traces that quickly disappear in the sky. The nebulas are the true masters of the heavens.
Compared to the skies and the stars, our lives are as brief as fleeting insects... How I wish I can witness the day that the Xianzhou truly returns in triumph.
The Sky-Faring Commission went toe to toe twelve times against the Plagues Author in the past. Three times we were nearly wiped out, but each time we rose up from the ashes and rebuilt.
I have seen the last ray of light right before a sun dies, and the pulsing volcanic veins akin to flesh and blood on planets brought to life. I've seen the Lux Arrow of the Reignbow Arbiter flying to places light-years away, and the Rainbow Memory Bubble of the Glowswather bursting within flames...
The general may behave slovenly, but he has plans for all the affairs of the Xianzhou.
A sword will vibrate and beg to be unsheathed if it is unused for too long... Once unsheathed, it will either paint the battlefield in blood, or break itself in the process...
The Xianzhou need brawny warriors with their swords and spears, as well as unpredictable waters like her who travels freely and unrestrained.
She is indeed reckless, but she is also passionate and eager. Don't underestimate her. Youth can accomplish a lot simply by relying on such energy.
Though Bailu has been worshiped as the High Elder since birth and had no say in this, her title of Healer Lady was indeed gained from her expert practice of medicine.
You should not mention this name... it has been a forbidden word for a long time.
Qingni picked the road she yearned for, just like her mother. There's no reason to feel remorse... It makes me wonder, who's really grappling with regrets?
Report the losses to General Jing Yuan and find someone from the Divination Commission. They can't just stand there watching while we deal with this mess...
Greetings, guests from the Astral Express.
Tingyun has informed me of the purpose of your visit. Receiving guests isn't normally one of my responsibilities...
...but since you know about the Stellaron and have stated that you want to help the Luofu, I thought I should at least meet you in person...
...and politely decline your proposal.
The Xianzhou Alliance knows what a Stellaron is and is more than capable of handling it ourselves. We have been around for over 8000 years and weathered countless dangers and crises. While the situation is serious, we have more than enough resources to spare. Outsider help is not needed on this occasion.
You are guests from afar — there is no reason for this matter to concern you... Am I making myself clear?
I've said this and I'll say it again: This is an internal affair of the Xianzhou Alliance and there is no need for the Astral Express to get involved. I decided to arrange a meeting with you as a gesture of respect, but my decision is final.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
It's only been a few days since the presence of a Stellaron was detected on the Luofu. Starskiff Haven has been under full lockdown — no one has been permitted to leave. How did you come to know of the incident, and what led you to conclude that it was linked to a Stellaron?
I acquired the access history of Starskiff Haven. Not long ago, someone hacked into the system and opened the Jade Gate, before guiding you, the Astral Express, into our territory.
The hacker was skillful and even taunted us with her seal. Her name is Silver Wolf, a member of the Stellaron Hunters...
What say you in your defense?
You are forbidden from leaving the Sky-Faring Commission until the aforementioned questions have been investigated.
General Jing Yuan—
General, this is an internal affair for the Luofu...
Seeing as the general gave the order, the Sky-Faring Commission will lend you our full support. The Stellaron Hunter investigation is in your hands now. I'll issue you a pass so you can access the facilities around Starskiff Haven.
As for personnel... the skyports are currently all under maintenance, so we're thinly stretched. What I can do is send Tingyun as your guide — she'll take care of you during your stay.
I see. Please extend my regards to the Ten Lords...
Ahem... On behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission, I would like to thank the crew of the Express for saving the Luofu from the Stellaron crisis.
Yes, I have heard. Seeing four leave, yet only three return, was enough for me to know that Fu Xuan's report was indeed correct.
Tingyun...
I'm sorry... I understand... It's just hard for me to accept...
*sigh* Thank you for bringing Tingyun's belongings back to the Palace of Astrum. The Stellaron crisis has cost us too many comrades, brothers, sisters... children.
I'd like to invite all of you, as witnesses to this war, to a soul-soothing ceremony hosted by the Sky-Faring Commission. Will you consider?
To put it into short-life terms — a funeral. You see, for long-life species of the Xianzhou, death has always been a distant, mystical concept.
Ordinarily, the Ten-Lords Commission guides people to the Hall of Karma before any symptoms of mara are detected. There, they leave behind their lives and wait for their time to come. People are used to a short "farewell" as opposed to a tedious "burial" process.
Given our limited life spans, the only ones who place value on ceremony are us foxians.
Countless Cloud Knights lost their lives or became mara-struck during the crisis. The Hall of Karma couldn't take them all in, and so they passed away.
All of these sudden deaths and unfulfilled wishes remind us... that long-life species still live out insignificant and limited lives.
By combining Sky-Faring Commission technology with foxian ceremony, we honor those who have passed on. We place items of the dead onto starskiffs, and send them out to sail between the stars — to shine brightly among them.
It's not just to comfort the dead — those souls who can never talk with us again — but also to comfort their surviving relatives, close friends, and indeed all residents of the Xianzhou...
It's also my way of saying farewell to Tingyun. I know, I'm selfish. She may not have died a Cloud Knight, but she's still one of us here at the Sky-Faring Commission — a victim caught up in a wider conflict.
I'd like to hold this ceremony as a way of distancing the memory of Tingyun from the Lord Ravager who tarnished her identity.
I... can still hardly believe it. I'll use my own methods to locate Tingyun's whereabouts, but at present... I...
This is the least I can do for her.
I've instructed Yanming to sort through Tingyun's belongings. I hope you can pick some out to place around the starskiff.
Once again, my thanks to all of you. I've asked the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission to ratify this soul-soothing ceremony, and have commissioned a special skiff at Stargazer Navalia for the ceremony. If you need anything, that's where I'll be.
What brings you here?
This bow... Did Tingyun pick it out for me? She understood my pain — it's a shame I can no longer do anything for her...
Thirty years ago, I fought in a terrible war. My comrade and I set sail together, but only I returned.
The scars of that war never truly healed. Still, the Luofu traced out its arc of recovery, and continued to trade...
I felt tired of voyaging — like I'd lost the courage to pull on a bowstring ever again. I hid away in the Sky-Faring Commission and buried myself in work, never wanting to see the sky again.
Despite rising to Helm Master, my military career hadn't prepared me for the type of meticulous planning work now confronting me. Tingyun, on the other hand, was a born merchant — always discussing business matters with me and offering up advice — even if she was my subordinate.
She never fought alongside me on the battlefield, but in her own way, she became a comrade-in-arms. Without the help of Tingyun and the guild, the Luofu would not have been able to recover in the space of just thirty short years.
I used to think that the Xianzhou had changed with the times. Geniuses like Tingyun were the future for the Sky-Faring Commission's next generation — they would bring prosperity to the Luofu. I was only ever suited to the flames of war.
I was wrong. Only when the last minions of the Antimatter Legion are wiped out, will I become useless to the Xianzhou... The Xianzhou needs people like me — those willing to cruise the sky and fight the flames.
Tingyun prepared gifts for others, too? That's just like her...
Thank you for helping her complete all these tasks. She can depart in peace.
We're still preparing the starskiff for the ceremony. Please, everyone, come back to me when your work is complete.
The starskiff is ready for the ceremony now. Everyone, please place your objects aboard the starskiff.
Thank you for everything you've done for the Sky-Faring Commission and the Luofu. This small seal is the foundation of the Xianzhou's prosperity.
The Sky-Faring Commission shall never forget you, Tingyun. I will seek out the truth, and if it is discovered that you were taken from us, I swear to avenge your unjust end.
It is time for the soul-soothing ceremony. Please make your way to Earthrise Agora in Starskiff Haven.
I once held the same ceremony on the Fanghu, some thirty years or so ago now. Painful memories don't ever fade away with time, and I don't want to bear witness to those scenes again.
The Xianzhou Luofu is all the richer for your brief time with us. I offer blessings on behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission, on the eve of your departure.
If you require resupplying during your journey, you can always count on us.
Life is fleeting. We hope you'll have the opportunity to return to us on the Luofu soon.
I still can't believe it. The whole report reads like a bad joke — it's simply unimaginable.
The Antimatter Legion on the Xianzhou? And Tingyun... a Lord Ravager?
How could someone who spent over thirty years working alongside me at the Sky-Faring Commission... turn out to be nothing more than a monster in disguise? What happened to the real Tingyun?
I'd like to ask you all to witness this event with me.
Once I've finished handling the various tasks at hand, I want to aid the Cloud Knights in their investigation. I'll fly out on a starskiff and trace Tingyun's original flight path onto the Xianzhou. Rest assured, I will leave no stone unturned.
Indeed, I should be reviewing files in the Palace of Astrum. However, Qingni decided to put herself in danger and trouble our esteemed guests with her safety... As her mother, I couldn't sit idly by.
Qingni! Have you thanked your benefactors yet?
You Astral Express trailblazers have outstanding manners, though your allegories are a little odd...
You flatter me. This is a Sky-Faring Commission affair, yet the two of you had to put yourselves in harm's way. I am ashamed.
No need to be humble, you took great risks for the Xianzhou. I saw what you did.
It was because of both of you that Qingni escaped unscathed. Words cannot express my gratitude.
In fact, by way of thanks, I'd like to invite you to the Palace of Astrum for tea. It is about time we knew each other better.
Then for now I will excuse myself. Qingni's irresponsible actions caused much trouble for the two of you — allow me to apologize once again on her behalf.
You promised me, Qingni! ...We shall discuss this when we return.
Please excuse us, benefactors. I look forward to our meeting.
On the contrary, I apologize for allowing my own personal matters to encroach on your time.
On the contrary, I apologize for allowing my own personal matters to encroach on your time.
Family issues, I'm afraid. You probably heard a thing or two just now?
Despite my earnest wish that she continue in her post, Qingni is fixated on becoming a fighter pilot. I may seem overbearing, but the situations she gets herself into send a shiver up my tail...
Hehe, it's funny, isn't it? I've seen every disaster imaginable, from the Abundance Axis to a living planet. I thought I'd forgotten what fear was.
But when I fought alongside you, I realized there are still things that can terrify me... Sorry. Talking about such vexing matters is unbecoming in front of guests.
I invited you here to gain a better understanding of the Express, not bore you with these trivialities.
Oh, I prepared refreshments for you. Please, you must try this excellent Whale-Tide Spring!
Please accept these gifts as thanks for saving my daughter. I'd heard that the Nameless had traversed the starry sea, but I wasn't prepared for how much I could learn from you.
On my flying ability, I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you, Mr. Yang. The sky no longer suits me.
It seems our every meeting is accompanied by an incident of some sort. I hope I can meet the Astral Express crew under better circumstances next time.
Thank you. I must apologize for the trouble my daughter has brought you.
Alright, it's getting late. Let's talk once we're home.
*sigh* We've talked about this many times. No means no.
Is that... Caiyi's diary? How did you...?
...I understand now... I'm sorry, Qingni... I cannot support your dream because I made a promise to someone else.
I don't expect to gain your forgiveness. I just hope you can... understand my reason.
Just like you, I once longed for the sky. I know what it feels like... to fly through infinite space, to be surrounded by the vast expanse of nothingness, with unimaginable splendors looming in the distance.
To float like a single leaf in the fathomless stellar sea... Some called it "loneliness," but we called it "freedom."
Caiyi was like that, too. We were friends since childhood. We flew starskiffs everywhere — causing trouble until the Knights caught us and dragged us before General Jing Yuan.
We soon became the most elite fighter pilots of the Sky-Faring Commission. It wasn't an easy life... you could even say it was a cruel one.
You never knew if the friend next to you would make it back alive. Of course, the same could be said of yourself.
But those are my best memories. We would strike out into the sky — repelling demons and upholding justice — the blood we shed bore witness to it all. The life of a foxian is short and fleeting... surely we should dedicate ourselves to such glorious aims?
System space all clear today! Great weather for flying!
Huh? Sounds like maternity leave knocked the wind out of your sails! Feeling rusty?
Of course I missed you! The galaxy felt smaller without you in my cockpit...
Say, Caiyi... I really didn't think you'd come back... Do you really like flying starskiffs that much?
The mind is mysterious... I've lived for more than two hundred years, forgotten nearly every conversation I've ever had... but I still remember us shooting the breeze that day — it's crystal clear.
It was the last time I spoke to Caiyi.
Caiyi... Hold on, Caiyi... Caiyi, open your eyes... Caiyi...
Caiyi, she's your daughter! You'll be able to tell her yourself, do you hear?
The rescue is almost here — stay with me! Qingni is waiting for you! She lost Guangyuan, she can't afford to lose you too! Wake up!!!
...You are so very similar to Caiyi. The more outstanding you became over the years, the more fearful I turned. I've known for a long time you were ready... but I was not...
You know, the cruelty has never claimed victory. Me, Caiyi, your father Guangyuan... we were prepared for the worst when we enlisted.
But do you know how we won that war? The war that took away Caiyi and the lives of hundreds of thousands of fighters?
Yes! The mighty blessing of the Reignbow Arbiter annihilated all abominations in a single strike! But we had to pay with the blood of hundreds of thousands of soldiers just to halt their advance!
If crushing our enemies was as easy as breathing for the Reignbow Arbiter... then what purpose did our sacrifices serve?
Under the might of an Aeon, the sacrifices of ordinary creatures are but a joke... we are nothing... we mean nothing...
...But I should never have allowed my fears to compel me to make decisions for another person... even if that person is my daughter.
I brazenly interfered with your choices. I am sorry. That is my failure as a mother.
I'll take you to do the paperwork tomorrow. You'll start as ground crew, just like Caiyi and I did. I believe that one day... you'll make an outstanding fighter pilot.
I was afraid of you following in my footsteps, and more afraid of you taking after Caiyi. But if this is your choice... then I'm willing to support you, even if you live to regret it.
Tell me.
Hehe, I... I'm afraid I can't. I won't be flying anymore.
Cause... I already touched the sky.
You two have held out long enough — help is at hand!
Cloud Knights! Formation! Prepare to engage!
Talent? You'd be dead if it weren't for those two travelers. Do you think stealing a starskiff and taking to the skies is a show of talent? What about being trapped by abominations?
Did you at any moment think about what I would feel if something happened to you?
Do you know how many people dream of a relaxing desk job at the Sky-Faring Commission? You promised me to work responsibly in your post. Not only have you broken the Sky-Faring Commission's regulations, you've broken your promise to me.
Behind my back? Do you really think you could've walked into the test and sat in the cockpit if I hadn't given my permission behind the scenes?
As for "genius," don't mention that word to me again.
Why do you insist on becoming a pilot!? I don't understand.
Qingni! Where are you going?
*sigh* I'm sorry you had to witness this.
Connect the cycrane to your phone to control it remotely. Use it to find the crash, and hurry.
Hold on, Qingni! We're coming to get you!
Why won't you listen to me?
Come find me once you've done what you're here to do.
Since assuming the role of Helm Master, it's rare that I have the chance to gaze upon the stars like this...
It should be a view I tire of seeing, but it always leaves me in awe... The heavens really are boundless.
Thank you, I like it.
It's a shame. The stars no longer belong to me. Perhaps one day I shall feel their embrace once again, but it will undoubtedly be the day of my last flight.
I will. Thank you for your invitation.
I can't help but say that after arriving on the Express, I'm a little envious of your way of life. You are able to enjoy the vastness of the universe, and with reliable companions by your side.
I hope you all cherish one another.
I can't help but say that after arriving on the Express, I'm a little envious of your way of life. You are able to enjoy the vastness of the universe, and with reliable companions by your side.
I hope you all cherish one another.
March 7th just showed me some dolls that were made to look like the members of the Express crew. They're adorable.
This brings back a lot of memories...
I come from a military background, so I don't have much experience when it comes to caring for children. When Qingni was a child, I rarely had time for her. I often worried about her feeling lonely, so I bought her a lot of dolls.
I remember someone asked her once if she ever felt afraid being home by herself, and she proudly responded: "I'm not afraid! I've got lots of doll mommies!" Needless to say, the Sky-Faring Commission was very entertained.
...Thinking back, even if she wasn't too affected by my absence, I do feel guilty.
The Nameless have a great relationship — it lends a warm atmosphere to the Astral Express... and it brings back memories of my own family. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little envious.
The Nameless have a great relationship — it lends a warm atmosphere to the Astral Express... and it brings back memories of my own family. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little envious.
I just bumped into Himeko. We got chatting, and, well... I never knew she was such an expert.
Oh, nothing too interesting — space flight technologies... I was worried that the principles of the starskiff would be hard for Himeko to comprehend — I never imagined she'd grasp it so easily.
I'm afraid I haven't had much exposure to technical fields — perhaps she has a better theoretical understanding than myself.
Well, then I'll definitely come by more often...
...after all, this is the only place I'm able to lose the Helm Master uniform and relax a little.
I'll definitely come by more often...
...after all, this is the only place I'm able to lose the Helm Master uniform and relax a little.
I think I just saw a group of void song whales fly past the window.
It's a shame you weren't here to see them — I prefer to witness such rare sights with others.
That reminds me, there were similar creatures that lived on the Luofu... They didn't travel freely through the heavens though — they lived in water. We called them depth crawlers.
Later, during the Three Sufferings Era, the Luofu's ecosystem underwent a sudden change. These gentle giants bore the brunt of the change, and forever disappeared down the river of time.
I remember seeing a picture of a depth crawler in my childhood — I insisted to my parents that we had to go and see them... My parents told me how they had been extinct for thousands of years.
I was so sad that my parents decided to take me on a starskiff to see the void song whales. That was the first time I'd ever laid eyes upon them... Such miraculous creatures.
Thinking back, that trip to see the void song whales was one of the turning points which set me on the path to becoming a fighter pilot. Life truly is full of wonders...
Thinking back, that trip to see the void song whales was one of the turning points which set me on the path to becoming a fighter pilot. Life truly is full of wonders...
Will you stand with me by the window a little while? No need to talk...
...
Thank you... I know I'm standing safely here on the Express, but sometimes gazing out at such a vast sea of stars makes me feel a little uneasy...
Having someone by my side calms me — it's always been the case... Thank you.
Don't worry, it's nothing. Perhaps I'm just not used to such a peaceful vista. If the Luofu's skies can become as calm as this, maybe I'll eventually get used to it.
Perhaps I'm just not used to such a peaceful vista. If the Luofu's skies can become as calm as this, maybe I'll eventually get used to it.
My time with you has been a great help to the Luofu, and a great help to me. I want to say thank you, both publicly and privately.
Sorry, I don't mean to sound so formal. Once you reach my age, it's difficult to make new friends...
...which is why I treasure our friendship.
From now on, no matter where you may go, no matter what hardships you may encounter... as long as I am alive, the Luofu will always be an open harbor to you...
Once you reach my age, it becomes difficult to make new friends...
...which is why I treasure our friendship.
From now on, no matter where you may go, no matter what hardships you may encounter... as long as I am alive, the Luofu will always be an open harbor to you...
Good, they've arrived.
I also have something I wish to discuss with the Merchant Guild, but I'll wait for you to finish.
Very well, I believe it's my turn to speak.
The Sky-Faring Commission has received a joint request from several merchants concerning the reorganization of the Merchant Guild. Mr. President, the merchants would like you to resign as the president of the Guild.
It is not my intention to interfere with the Merchant Guild's affairs, but as an old friend I would like to remind you that Aurum Alley only exists in the present, not in the past.
I suggest that you make some concessions to appease the merchants. If you don't follow Mingxi's plans for the dock, she will temporarily take over your position.
Very well, since the president has come to a decision, I will be in charge of calling a public meeting.
I heard from Xikui that it was you who became a business advisor and assisted Aurum Alley Merchant Guild in their dispute with the IPC... How versatile. Is there anything you can't do?
...I'm not very good at that either.
...Not on my watch.
The president is still a hero to Aurum Alley — he helped it achieve prosperity... but a hero will not be embraced forever.
I've seen the IPC's approach — they prioritize efficiency and a standard uniform business model across the galaxy.
I warned them that their business model wouldn't work on the Xianzhou without adjustments... but the Merchant Guild's overly traditional mindset is a different obstacle.
Let me put it bluntly — Aurum Alley Merchant Guild has no chance of succeeding today.
The IPC does have more capital on hand, but the review criteria are not solely focused on financial resources.
...And yet all of you now represent a third choice — different from both the Merchant Guild and the IPC.
My advice to you is to visit the shopkeeper Mr. Xiao. He is the one who proposed the reorganization of the Merchant Guild. If you can get his support, you will definitely receive support from the other merchants.
I have business to attend to in the Palace of Astrum — the rest is up to you. Convince the old shopkeeper, and you may just become the new heroes of Aurum Alley.
I will be hosting this hearing on behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission. Mingxi, are your people all present?
Let me remind everyone that we are at a hearing. Mr. President, please share with us your vision for Aurum Alley.
Mingxi, please ready your statement.
You know Mingxi better than I do. Would she deceive you with fake data?
It seems we have reached an agreement. The hearing concludes here.
Knowing the president, I think he's now ready to entrust you with the future of the Alley.
The president commands the trust of many reputable shops in the Alley. Their support for him was likely to be a big obstacle to your rejuvenation project.
His invitation to debate this matter publicly was a chance for the more difficult business owners to hear from you directly.
If you say so.
Xiaohan is the IPC's operation rep in Exalting Sanctum.
On behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission, I am invited to host the public bidding of the Aurum Alley commercial district. With members of all parties present, the proceedings may begin.
I hereby ask all parties to submit your support documents for evaluation. The documents should include scope of business, ratio of contributions, and registered capital.
Representatives of all parties, please be ready to brief the review committee on your business plans.
By personal request of the committee, a discussion session will be added to allow all participants to raise and answer questions.
Xiaohan, whenever you are ready. Tell us about your plan for Aurum Alley.
Mingxi, please ready your questions.
Mingxi, please share with us what the guild has in mind.
That concludes our discussion. We will inform all participants of the result when a decision has been made. Thank you all for coming.
My name is Tingyun, the Amicassador for the Luofu Sky-Faring Commission merchant guild. Please look after me from now on, benefactor.
Where are you going? Please take me with you~
Ahh, the time is late, and even my tail is falling down. My apologies, I will be excusing myself...
Bedtime tail care is a must. First, you need a comb that's made of boxwood, then apply some sweet ointment to the root of the tail, and wrap it in Pale Cloud Silk and go to sleep. That way my tail will be all so soft and fluffy tomorrow. See?
This bracelet isn't anything old, but the jade was so green and pure that I commissioned a craftsman to make it. If you ask me, it's harder to find something for myself than for my shop. Not only does it have to be good, but it also has to strike my fancy.
Peace is the best for business. It's best to work with persuadable people. For those who are less persuadable, cooling them down with a fan works wonders.
Every time I head out, I leave a letter behind and lock it in the drawers of my shop. If I come back, then I'll burn it later. If I don't... then it'll be something for others to remember me by.
If I have time, I head over to the Sleepless Earl when it's late. If I want company, then I chat with the patrons there. If I want leisure, then I watch people drink tea and toss dice in order to practice reading people. It is quite fun.
The Sky-Faring Commission are all very gallant. Though I admire them, I really can't imitate them... I'm a lot better at embellishing words and talking up a storm...
The purchase price of Sky-Amber doubled to support the Lord of the Preservation. However, it is up to the Corporation's fancy whether this becomes good or bad fortune for worlds rich in ores...
Most of the lifeforms I have seen with the Whistling Flames have an origin and a reason. The creatures that cannot be communicated with are the most terrifying, as it means they do not conquer using language...
The general is a true master of maximizing returns for minimal effort. I cannot match him on that front.
I once gifted him some items I deemed rare, and that child respectfully thanked me and accepted them. Then I saw him excitedly selecting swords in the Artisanship Commission... Hehe, children are clever little creatures.
Whether it's driving starskiffs or leading the Sky-Faring Commission, Madam Yukong is always present in the Xianzhou's course. I'm still lacking in my skills as a helmswoman.
A businessman from beyond the sky? And he's not on the Whistling Flames' records... Weird, why can't I remember him?
Sushang is very kind and comes to my shop every day to ask: "Is business difficult? I'll help you!" "Did anyone smash your shop? I'll help you!"...
Lady Bailu has small hands but is very skilled... I have to go lie down and have a massage with her every time I return to the Luofu.
I just thought she was a frequent customer of the games parlor, but recently I heard she is a diviner from the Divination Commission... Aren't they always busy over there? How can she have the time for a games parlor?
The master diviner has a harsh tone, but she speaks sense. To be completely honest, her lectures are quite memorable...
Nowadays Mengming manages everything in and out of the tea house. People say "Foxians are born to do business," but things are always easier said than done.
Ah, a visitor! Please let me show you some of our local hospitality.
I see a future full of potential.
You can count on me to give it my all.
This vast universe has so many worlds I've yet to explore...
Madam Yukong, allow me to handle the negotiations — I can buy us some time.
People often forget that the general is as brave as he is cunning.
Your regular kindness has not gone unnoticed. Allow me to repay a small part of it, Lady Bailu~
Seize the moment!
Well, we're in trouble now.
Customers are always welcome.
We were supposed to attack yesterday!
Chill out.
Evils begone~
Can we talk...?
Hmph, you'll pay for that.
A thousand wonders, to raise your spirits~
Good omens, fight as one!
Not my... lucky day.
Need a hand?
Better late than never!
Cool it~
We make a pretty good team.
This'll get a good price.
Quite a stroke of luck~
Smooth sailing~
That's a tough nut to crack...
Got places to be? I'm your best guide!
Let's be friends, shall we?
All the best~
This suits my tastes.
All thanks to your guidance, benefactor~
My name is Tingyun, the Amicassador for the Luofu Sky-Faring Commission merchant guild. Please look after me from now on, benefactor.
Where are you going? Please take me with you~
Ahh, the time is late, and even my tail is falling down. My apologies, I will be excusing myself...
Bedtime tail care is a must. First, you need a comb that's made of boxwood, then apply some sweet ointment to the root of the tail, and wrap it in Pale Cloud Silk and go to sleep. That way my tail will be all so soft and fluffy tomorrow. See?
This bracelet isn't anything old, but the jade was so green and pure that I commissioned a craftsman to make it. If you ask me, it's harder to find something for myself than for my shop. Not only does it have to be good, but it also has to strike my fancy.
Peace is the best for business. It's best to work with persuadable people. For those who are less persuadable, cooling them down with a fan works wonders.
Every time I head out, I leave a letter behind and lock it in the drawers of my shop. If I come back, then I'll burn it later. If I don't... then it'll be something for others to remember me by.
If I have time, I head over to the Sleepless Earl when it's late. If I want company, then I chat with the patrons there. If I want leisure, then I watch people drink tea and toss dice in order to practice reading people. It is quite fun.
The Sky-Faring Commission are all very gallant. Though I admire them, I really can't imitate them... I'm a lot better at embellishing words and talking up a storm...
The purchase price of Sky-Amber doubled to support the Lord of the Preservation. However, it is up to the Corporation's fancy whether this becomes good or bad fortune for worlds rich in ores...
Most of the lifeforms I have seen with the Whistling Flames have an origin and a reason. The creatures that cannot be communicated with are the most terrifying, as it means they do not conquer using language...
The general is a true master of maximizing returns for minimal effort. I cannot match him on that front.
I once gifted him some items I deemed rare, and that child respectfully thanked me and accepted them. Then I saw him excitedly selecting swords in the Artisanship Commission... Hehe, children are clever little creatures.
Whether it's driving starskiffs or leading the Sky-Faring Commission, Madam Yukong is always present in the Xianzhou's course. I'm still lacking in my skills as a helmswoman.
A businessman from beyond the sky? And he's not on the Whistling Flames' records... Weird, why can't I remember him?
Sushang is very kind and comes to my shop every day to ask: "Is business difficult? I'll help you!" "Did anyone smash your shop? I'll help you!"...
Lady Bailu has small hands but is very skilled... I have to go lie down and have a massage with her every time I return to the Luofu.
I just thought she was a frequent customer of the games parlor, but recently I heard she is a diviner from the Divination Commission... Aren't they always busy over there? How can she have the time for a games parlor?
The master diviner has a harsh tone, but she speaks sense. To be completely honest, her lectures are quite memorable...
Nowadays Mengming manages everything in and out of the tea house. People say "Foxians are born to do business," but things are always easier said than done.
Ah, a visitor! Please let me show you some of our local hospitality.
I see a future full of potential.
You can count on me to give it my all.
This vast universe has so many worlds I've yet to explore...
Madam Yukong, allow me to handle the negotiations — I can buy us some time.
People often forget that the general is as brave as he is cunning.
Your regular kindness has not gone unnoticed. Allow me to repay a small part of it, Lady Bailu~
Seize the moment!
Well, we're in trouble now.
Customers are always welcome.
We were supposed to attack yesterday!
Chill out.
Evils begone~
Can we talk...?
Hmph, you'll pay for that.
A thousand wonders, to raise your spirits~
Good omens, fight as one!
Not my... lucky day.
Need a hand?
Better late than never!
Cool it~
We make a pretty good team.
This'll get a good price.
Quite a stroke of luck~
Smooth sailing~
That's a tough nut to crack...
Got places to be? I'm your best guide!
Let's be friends, shall we?
All the best~
This suits my tastes.
All thanks to your guidance, benefactor~
My name is Tingyun, the Amicassador for the Luofu Sky-Faring Commission merchant guild. Please look after me from now on, benefactor.
Where are you going? Please take me with you~
Ahh, the time is late, and even my tail is falling down. My apologies, I will be excusing myself...
Bedtime tail care is a must. First, you need a comb that's made of boxwood, then apply some sweet ointment to the root of the tail, and wrap it in Pale Cloud Silk and go to sleep. That way my tail will be all so soft and fluffy tomorrow. See?
This bracelet isn't anything old, but the jade was so green and pure that I commissioned a craftsman to make it. If you ask me, it's harder to find something for myself than for my shop. Not only does it have to be good, but it also has to strike my fancy.
Peace is the best for business. It's best to work with persuadable people. For those who are less persuadable, cooling them down with a fan works wonders.
Every time I head out, I leave a letter behind and lock it in the drawers of my shop. If I come back, then I'll burn it later. If I don't... then it'll be something for others to remember me by.
If I have time, I head over to the Sleepless Earl when it's late. If I want company, then I chat with the patrons there. If I want leisure, then I watch people drink tea and toss dice in order to practice reading people. It is quite fun.
The Sky-Faring Commission are all very gallant. Though I admire them, I really can't imitate them... I'm a lot better at embellishing words and talking up a storm...
The purchase price of Sky-Amber doubled to support the Lord of Preservation. However, it is up to the Corporation's fancy whether this becomes good or bad fortune for worlds rich in ores...
Most of the lifeforms I have seen with the Whistling Flames have an origin and a reason. The creatures that cannot be communicated with are the most terrifying, as it means they do not conquer using language...
The general is a true master of maximizing returns for minimal effort. I cannot match him on that front.
I once gifted him some items I deemed rare, and that child respectfully thanked me and accepted them. Then I saw him excitedly selecting swords in the Artisanship Commission... Hehe, children are clever little creatures.
Whether it's driving starskiffs or leading the Sky-Faring Commission, Madam Yukong is always present in the Xianzhou's course. I'm still lacking in my skills as a helmswoman.
A businessman from beyond the sky? And he's not on the Whistling Flames' records... Weird, why can't I remember him?
Sushang is very kind and comes to my shop every day to ask: "Is business difficult? I'll help you!" "Did anyone smash your shop? I'll help you!"...
Lady Bailu has small hands but is very skilled... I have to go lie down and have a massage with her every time I return to the Luofu.
I just thought she was a frequent customer of the games parlor, but recently I heard she is a diviner from the Divination Commission... Aren't they always busy over there? How can she have the time for a games parlor?
The master diviner has a harsh tone, but she speaks sense. To be completely honest, her lectures are quite memorable...
Nowadays Mengming manages everything in and out of the tea house. People say "foxians are born to do business," but things are always easier said than done.
On behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission, allow me to welcome you to Starskiff Haven.
On the Xianzhou Luofu, anything relating to aviation, navigation, and trade falls within the scope of the Sky-Faring Commission, which is one of the six commissions of the Luofu. As the biggest port on the ship, Starskiff Haven is governed by the Sky-Faring Commission, too.
That's too kind of you. My job involves ferrying business delegates to and from Starskiff Haven, so I do this kind of introduction all the time.
Anyway, we're safe now. Normally I'd be a good host and take you around. But these are difficult times. Let's head to the Palace of Astrum first and report your arrival to Madam Yukong.
Right there, the tallest building in the city. It's also the headquarters of the Sky-Faring Commission. Let's hurry. We haven't got much time.
*sigh* I don't mean to rush you, but if Madam Yukong holds me accountable for not getting you over soon enough, I wouldn't want to be around for the consequences...
...Very well.
Oh, you're here already? Sorry to keep you waiting. Madam Yukong is expecting you.
I've brought Madam Helm Master up to speed. It's over to you now~
*sigh* Madam Yukong has asked me to look after you.
Seems like we were destined to be in each other's company...
The Sky-Faring Commission has reserved rooms for you at the Petrichor Inn. When you finish your business here, how about some tea together?
Not at all, though I'd appreciate it if you mention to Madam Yukong that you got a warm reception from me when you next see her. *sigh* Better to be busy than idle, I suppose.
No, no, though I'd appreciate it if you mention to Madam Yukong that you got a warm reception from me when you next see her. *sigh* Better to be busy than idle, I suppose.
Don't worry, my lips are sealed~
But as her subordinate, I have to say that it's Madam Yukong's duty to keep her guard up. The Luofu is facing a crisis, and as head of the Sky-Faring Commission, she is responsible for the security of the Xianzhou's customs and borders.
She's actually a very reasonable old girl in private.
They say that many years ago, Madam Yukong was an ace pilot in the Cloud Knights. She was a "work hard, play harder" type, known for her hot temper and incredible skill.
Eventually, she became the head of the entire commission, which required her to learn patience and adopt a meticulous approach to her work.
In any case, Madam Yukong instructed me to reserve the best rooms at the inn and have all your expenses covered. She wants to extend the full courtesy of the Xianzhou so that all of you enjoy your stay to the fullest~
She specifically mentioned that if you wish to buy anything at the inn, be it food or otherwise, just let the innkeeper know. The commission will cover the cost.
Exactly right. The suspect is extremely cunning. She encrypted her transmission and timed her communication — we couldn't pinpoint her exact location.
But as cunning as she is, the Divination Commission has managed to find something.
Don't let her words distract you.
Precisely.
That's the sound of a device.
Miss March, to the untrained ear, these noises may sound the same. But for the craftsmen of the Artisanship Commission, every machine has a different pitch and melody.
The general sent for craftsmen, and they concluded that the sound came from the shipyard facilities in Stargazer Navalia.
Now, get some rest and prepare yourselves for the operation ahead. I look forward to seeing you in action~
How can I help?
Oh? Let's hear it.
How perceptive. Our wind, clouds, rain, and fog are all artificial. The Realm-Keeping Commission's weather pavilion manages the environmental conditions here.
If Kafka was holding an umbrella, that means she was in an area with artificial rainfall during the transmission.
Still, that doesn't help us much. The ship is huge, with changing conditions across various delves. I'm sure there were showers across many of them at the time.
Impossible to say. It used to be that the Divination Commission could track the access history of all the delves...
But with the arrival of the Stellaron, things have become messy. Some delves even had their entrance marked as the exit.
If I were one of the Stellaron Hunters, I'd be very happy to capitalize on all the chaos. It'd be harder to escape, but easier to blend in.
Let's disembark here, benefactors.
...No need to yell, Master Diviner! The Meridian Pin is malfunctioning and I couldn't find the entrance to the delve. I wanted to get us straight to our destination but this is the only place I could dock the starskiff.
Look — "Exalting Sanctum" — this is a safe place. Let's just walk the rest of the way from here.
It's true — the Divination Commission really can't go a single day without Lady Fu.
Hey, fancy seeing you here.
*sigh* You never asked what the Sky-Faring Commission does. I suppose not all commissions are created equal...
Anyway, if you must know, the Divination Commission is responsible for gathering intelligence, devising strategies, and performing divination.
Maybe there's more to it? It's not like I would know, I'm a mere amicassador.
Don't worry, Diviner Fu seems confident about getting Kafka to talk. If I were you I'd just sit back and watch her do her thing.
Oh no, Xianzhou divination is nothing like the superstitious scams you see elsewhere. It's based on a technology called the jade abacus.
From navigation to governance, military issues to civil affairs, every decision on the Xianzhou must be reviewed by the Divination Commission to ensure that it can be executed without a hiccup.
Who knows? She tends to make decisions based on the results of her divinations as opposed to what others might be thinking.
If she doesn't want to reveal the commission's secrets, then you have no choice but to wait.
The general entrusted the master diviner with the interrogation of the fugitive because he has faith in her ability to manage the situation. As one of the Six Charioteers, she is certainly capable.
Why do you think Kafka surrendered at the mere sight of her back in Stargazer Navalia?
Oh? Did you want a tour of Exalting Sanctum? Hee-hee...
The last time I came here on a Starskiff was... let me think... about 20 years ago now. I've been on the road for so long that I've started to forget the sights and sounds of the Xianzhou...
All I remember is that this is a good place to while away the days~ Still, many delves have changed beyond recognition since the arrival of the Stellaron.
If you're bored, you could go and find the messenger from the Divination Commission.
If you're bored, you could go and find the messenger from the Divination Commission.
It's an ancient tree — we call it the Ambrosial Arbor. It was once the Xianzhou Luofu's prized treasure.
Oh, you've arrived.
No, no, only an extra couple of hours~
Hee-hee, I like your sense of humor, benefactors. Of course I'm happy to see you! When things settle down, I might even get promoted for catching a Stellaron Hunter.
Stargazer Navalia is governed by the Artisanship Commission — it took me a while to sort out our paperwork. I got a sense of the situation on my way back.
Just like at Cloudford, Stargazer Navalia's meridian pin has malfunctioned. The checkpoint there is abandoned and the garrison is scrambling to locate the Stellaron.
With monsters wreaking havoc and the Knights scattered, Stargazer Navalia has become a perfect place for the suspect to hide out.
I wouldn't say you're entirely on your own, hehe... When you're ready, let's get going~
Shall we, my benefactors?
Now, what's a hunt without a hound? Kafka is still at large, and the Sky-Faring Commission wants this problem to go away. I made a few calls and managed to procure this from the Artisanship Commission — perfect for hunting down suspects.
Yes, and no. This is Diting, a bionic dog developed by the Artisanship Commission. He has all the five senses of the foxian race and takes them to another level.
Be it tracks or scent, as long as he uncovers a trace, he'll follow it all the way to the end.
All we need to do is look for any trace left by Kafka. It doesn't matter how good she is at hiding, Diting will find her.
But before we get started, let's play with his settings a bit and get him ready~
To begin with, let's set him to scent detection mode~
Tell Diting to follow the scent of my perfume and see what he can do!
You found me~ Diting's quite handy when it comes to tracking, isn't he?
If you pick up traces of Kafka in Stargazer Navalia, just switch him on. Don't let her escape.
Who'd have thought that Stargazer Navalia might become so quiet. "Long were the nights, when the clangor of hammers rose to meet the stars." ...People used to write poems about the shipwrights here.
The Luofu relies on the starskiffs produced here to transport people and goods. Now that work in the shipyard has stopped, our internal transport and outbound flights might also grind to a halt.
*yawn* Of course, the silver lining is I don't have to go on as many trips anymore.
I wouldn't say that — a good businesswoman doesn't wear her heart on her sleeve. Besides, the alliance has weathered plenty of challenges. We can handle this situation.
Just to warn you, if we do run into Kafka, you'll have to do the fighting, benefactors. I'd love to help, but there's very little I can do except cheer you on from the side lines~
Not a lot of people out there could've fought the mara-struck like you did. I'm only a civil servant — I can't imagine what Kafka would do to me if I were caught in the fray...
We foxians don't live as long as the Xianzhou locals, but I still want to enjoy the hundred-odd years I've got left. You'd do the same in my shoes, wouldn't you?
*sigh* Playing the Madam Yukong card, are we? That's not very heroic now, is it.
Besides, the Madam Helm Master simply asked me to assist you in navigating around Starskiff Haven. It's no different to any other diplomatic mission or delegate reception.
I was never much of a fighter, and I'm not one for risking my life either. Getting Diting into your hands is already beyond the realm of my job description.
Don't forget, she's on the IPC's most-wanted list — a fugitive that nobody can seem to pin down... and now we've become her prey while she stalks us in the shadows.
Let's go, benefactors, time is of the essence. We must be close.
No time to lose! Let's give him the scent and let him lead the way.
Stay still, benefactors... My instinct tells me something's not right here.
Stargazer Navalia may have come to a standstill, but the alarms are operational... How did she get through here?
The scent... where did it go?
These Cloud Knights aren't mara-struck... What did you do to them?
Don't worry about locked doors, benefactors, we can use the conveyor belts.
Before Diting can start tracking, you'll have to feed him some leads.
If Kafka is hiding in Stargazer Navalia, she'll have left behind traces. Let's spread out and look for them — leave no stone unturned.
Where are you going, benefactors?
Our priority now is to find anything that could lead us to Kafka.
...A jade seal used by the shipwrights. It opens various passages.
It looks like someone used it and then destroyed it — possibly Kafka.
Shards of a Cloud Knight's weapon. Something really sharp caused this...
Let me see... Slender fingers, but strong. This hand belongs to a killer.
That's a shipwright's soldering gun, I think one of the workers here must have left it behind.
What's this? It looks like clay.
"Immortal's Delight"!?
This isn't a clue, it's just a brand of tea I like...Two cups a day keeps the tiredness at bay.
Haha, milk tea twins!
There are IPC advertisements everywhere. It's about time I got in touch with their trade commissioner.
"A little cheese for the rats in the maze~"
The master diviner must have launched the campaign while we were delayed in the Artisanship Commission.
I'm afraid this is nothing, benefactor...
Centuries ago, an Emanator of Abundance besieged the Luofu with the aim of taking the Ambrosial Arbor. They destroyed half our delves and killed most of the Cloud Knights.
For long-life species, such events are more like yesterday's memories than ancient history. This awful spectacle is child's play in comparison.
What huge elixir crucibles. There's still smoke coming out of them.
Tsk, tsk, little pawn, must you force me to intervene directly? I'm loath to flout my philosophy of destruction.
Never mind. It would seem the time has come for other means of dismantling the Xianzhou from within...
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus were in hiding for so long... now they finally show their face. Did the master diviner fail to foresee this...?
Be careful, benefactors. The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus worship Yaoshi the Plagues Author — the greatest enemy of the Xianzhou.
The Alliance has been trying to root out their secret organization for millennia — it's no coincidence that they've chosen this moment to reveal themselves.
Even you benefactors have probably lived longer than me.
Good idea, why don't you take a look around, benefactors? My feet need a rest.
Have you talked with these Disciples, benefactor? What do you make of them?
True. But in the eyes of the Denizens of Abundance...
...ignoring the true nature of long-life species, suppressing the inner mara, maintaining the facade of mortal society... it's a child's game. Another breed of madness, perhaps.
They brought this upon themselves. The Xianzhou Alliance forbids anyone from accessing forbidden knowledge regarding immortality.
They should have thought about whether they were capable of paying the price when seeking the power of an Aeon.
Shh, that's a brave thing to say out in the open... If the Cloud Knights hear you, they won't think twice.
Hehe, it strikes me that you'd use any means to achieve your goal, benefactor.
Xianzhou natives are more afraid of immortality than they are of the days coming to an end.
They received eternal life as they had desired, but are doomed to a fate more terrifying than death. The Abundance played a cruel trick on them.
Have you talked with these Disciples, benefactor? What do you make of them?
Why would they betray the Luofu... I don't understand.
Master diviner, do I have to come...
Thank you for the concern, but I'm fine~ The general commanded me to stay with you — I dare not go against military orders.
Hehe, there's really no need — I've spent my years traveling the universe! Not to mention, I'm younger and stronger than I look.
Calm down, I heard you. It'd be rude of me to depart without thanking our benefactors.
My name is Tingyun. I'm the Amicassador for the Luofu Sky-Faring Commission merchant guild. May I venture to know the illustrious names of my heroes?
*chuckle* What a heroic-sounding name.
I see, well, thank you for coming to our aid. Although, there is one thing I don't understand: Starskiff Haven is under lockdown. Since none of you are Xianzhou residents, may I ask how you came to be here?
If you can't offer an explanation, I'm afraid these Cloud Knights will have to escort you out.
How can that be? My ship was the last one into port before the Jade Gate was shut. The Sky-Faring Commission has already locked down Starskiff Haven entirely...
...
You're with... the Astral Express?
Indeed I have. *sigh* ...You've arrived at a bad time — the Xianzhou has suffered an incident. Whether you're here for leisure, treatment, or trade, I'm afraid you won't be able to go through with it.
For your safety, you should hurry to Central Starskiff Haven and take refuge. I'll take you to Madam Yukong of the Sky-Faring Commission and let her decide how to proceed.
Hehe, your actions have already revealed your kind hearts to me! Sadly... I can't make you any promises. You're outsiders, and only Madam Yukong has the authority to consider your offer.
Don't worry! Madam Yukong is kind-hearted too. Come on now, I'll lead the way.
You mentioned the Stellaron...
Yes, I am. As an Amicassador, I've been to many planets, and seen my fair share of Stellaron corrosion... *sigh*
You misunderstand. If you were in my shoes right now, wouldn't you want to keep your guard up~?
Those were not to be confused with monsters, benefactors. We call them {RUBY_B#Long-Life Curse}mara-struck{RUBY_E#}.
Don't worry, Miss. I have a favor to ask, that's all.
*sigh* I shouldn't have doubted you, please accept my apologies. Our road ahead is barricaded, do you see?
The soldiers stationed here must have moved these into a roadblock.
I'd like to see us try, haha... they're extremely heavy. Even with all of us, we wouldn't be able to move one.
Not that I'm doubting your skill, but I'd feel terrible if you hurt yourself in the process.
If I'm not mistaken, the containers in the Trove of Verdure can be moved around using a control panel.
You've already put on quite the show — do you think you'll be able to find and operate the control panel? Should be simple, right?
I knew it. This will be a breeze for you.
Oh, I'm afraid I'm not built for hard labor...
We just need to pass through here, take the barge to Starskiff Haven, and we'll be safe.
Strange, the gate here is supposed to be open.
Huh? Now's not the time to turn back or take a detour.
Seems like someone wants to make things difficult for us. Let me see if I can pry it open...
Hehe, am I really such a nuisance~?
*sigh* Finally. Look how many tail hairs I lost on the way. Tsk, my beautiful tail...
We had a difficult start, but things got easier. Look, that's the barge I was talking about.
Don't fret. All Amicassadors know their way around a starskiff.
Don't fret. All Amicassadors know their way around a starskiff.
Uh-uh. Just sit back, and relax. All Amicassadors know their way around a starskiff.
Please take your seats, everyone. We'll be off right away.
Amazing, absolutely amazing! Even the long-lived might not witness something like this in their lifetime! I'm so lucky!
...Of course general, I am duty-bound.
*sigh* I thought I might be relieved of my guiding duties once the Divination Commission affair was over...
Who would've thought the general would take such a liking to you? I suppose I must accompany you further... Fate can be so unpredictable.
You have quite the sense of humor, benefactors... I've encountered more trouble with you than I have with the merchant fleet in ten years.
I just hope everything is smooth-sailing from now on — please look after me.
I understand. The Luofu is in danger, and members of the six commissions should stand united.
*sigh* You did save my life at Cloudford... Consider this my returning the favor.
The general said there are traitors aboard the ship.
But only someone from the six commissions could bring the Stellaron into the Xianzhou undetected, let alone plant it within the Ambrosial Arbor...
I am saying nothing of the sort, just raising a doubt, that's all. Please be careful, benefactors...
Y—You want to leave straight away? Let me pack some things. I'll be right there.
Huh? Look at all the people gathered here... Not a good day for commuting on the Luofu.
The Artisanship Commission delve should have suspended operations after the Stellaron corrosion began. Why haven't these people taken starskiffs to safety?
Are any of the Paths in this world easy to tread?
That's it~! First you arrive out of the blue, then the general recruits you to the cause — it's like the stories where imperial heroes bring salvation to the world.
Still, it doesn't look like they're rolling out the red carpet... We might be getting ahead of ourselves.
The Artisanship Commission is full of workshops, buildings, state-of-the-art mechanisms, and craftsmen designing brand-new concepts.
Periodically stirring up trouble is part of their tradition... entire buildings vanishing into thin air, puppet riots — you get the picture.
It seems like the craftsmen are too afraid to go in, but they have nowhere to run to either. We should take care, benefactors — something terrible must have happened.
A warm reminder, benefactors, that the Artisanship Commission is as important to the Xianzhou as the Divination Commission.
Our law states that trespassing into the Artisanship Commission can result in a prison sentence of between 300 to 500 years... Serious violations may result in exile on a barren planet, thousands of light-years away...
Yes, we do. Still, the Artisanship Commission is filled with security mechanisms. Even the general won't be able to save us in time if we get trapped.
I'm not trying to scare you — I'm simply suggesting you ask the craftsmen to see if they can provide an insider like Qingque to guide you.
It seems more than a little reckless to charge in when we don't know what's ahead of us.
*sigh* Look, the roots are coming up through the ground. I'm afraid we've got some gardening work to do.
Thank goodness you take the time to perfect these inventions, master! If not, the Sky-Faring Commission would've become quite redundant by now.
...Miraculous, it creates life at will. Such incredible power...
I'm afraid this Ebon Deer was likely birthed by the Ambrosial Arbor as its guardian — it shares a close connection with the Arbor's roots. Most living creatures on the Xianzhou don't have abilities like this.
Master, are these creations truly able to protect the Artisanship Commission? There's already been so much destruction — why haven't we seen any in action?
Hey, you there! We need your help~!
Thanks for saving beauty from the beast~
To the Xianzhou, I am but an abandoned pawn — a wandering swordmaster. If you wish to avoid trouble, pretend we never met.
Let's forgo the pleasantries — what do you want?
The universe is vast... Will we meet again as friend or foe, dead or alive...?
Fame is like the clouds — fleeting and elusive. I am viewed as a sinner in the eyes of the Ten-Lords Commission, and the Xianzhou has erased my name from its memory. So be it. A sword cuts with its edge, not its name.
I have already surpassed my limits and may soon succumb to the influence of mara... but given the choice between staring into the abyss with a troubled mind and marching forward blindfolded, I choose the latter.
The Cangcheng was once the most bustling of Xianzhou ships, a place I called home. But when it was devoured by an incarnosphere bred by the Plagues Author, the long-life species had to face the truth that their lives were but a grain of sand in the river of time.
Techniques relying solely on the physical form are but second-rate disciplines. Similarly, swords forged with mortal steel don't serve me well. I have stolen a sliver of moonlight that can shine over the earthly world — a "sword" I control with ease.
Let me think... In the beginning, most of my time was spent on swordsmanship and defeating my enemies. Later, I found myself indulging in all manner of wines that Baiheng brought to me from different planets. And now, watching my enemies suffer has become my newfound passion. Strange pastimes, no?
This sword in my hand... naught but a needle compared with the heavenly bodies. How can I use it to cut open a star?
I, too, once drew the gaze of an Aeon. The only difference was, it was a path I chose for myself — through the deep recesses of the Ten-Lords Commission on the Xuling, through the Gate of Wonders, and onto a path of redemption.
Hmph, Exalting Sanctum has seen little change in the past millennium — a little dull, I would say. However, Starskiff Haven has grown on me since it was rebuilt after the war.
I wouldn't say he's a natural swordmaster... but being gifted shouldn't be a determining factor when choosing an apprentice. Mentors who place importance on natural talent either lack the skills to teach, or seek to take credit for their apprentices' easy success. Fame, background... none of those matter. I will teach my techniques to anyone willing to put their heart into them.
I put him under great pain and suffering when I taught him. On the day his skills are perfected, he vows to return the favor. I look forward to it.
To take the throne, the high elder of the Vidyadhara needs to pass a series of trials during which their physical features slowly transform to resemble that of their predecessors. I see that loss of identity as a curse, rather than a gift. He managed to break free eventually, but should have done it in a different way...
We talked about the stars we flew past, the views we saw together, and the dangers we escaped. But... I can't remember the details. The things we said and did together have all been shrouded in a layer of mist... a mist I cannot see through...
He is still a fledgling, but I see great potential. Still, one cannot truly understand swordsmanship without sustaining injury and drawing blood in the thick of battle...
He is just like me — there is a hole in his heart. No matter what he does to fill it, the hole remains. The harder he tries, the more exhausted he becomes.
The blade's reflection illuminates the past.
If I am to cut through the heart of a star, more time is needed.
Pushing my limits is what made me who I am today. I will not stop here.
There is a story in every scar.
Young man, show me your progress.
Break the enemy's strategy, Jing Yuan — that's what you always did best.
Imbibitor Lunae... It feels like an age since we stood shoulder to shoulder.
That broken sword... You don't want to let go of the past, do you, Blade?
Unworthy of my time.
Another soon to be departed.
Tedious.
An endless lifespan is just a bitter wait for insanity.
Swordward!
Fleeting light, roaring flood!
Try harder.
You can't kill me!
All will be revealed...
...in lunar flame!
A blade of moonlight.
Finally, the end of it...
Did you think my lifespan would be cut short?
Save it for your own skin...
The moon shines on the truth.
Do not concern yourself with the outcome.
Mere worldly possessions.
These are nice trinkets — but nothing more.
It worked.
I taste malice in the air...
Where there are people, there is noise.
Blade fodder!
Stand down and I'll spare you.
Nowhere to run!
Ready for death...?
Can't stop... Can't stop now!
These trifles are of no use to me.
Same old tricks.
To the Xianzhou, I am but an abandoned pawn — a wandering swordmaster. If you wish to avoid trouble, pretend we never met.
Let's forgo the pleasantries — what do you want?
The universe is vast... Will we meet again as friend or foe, dead or alive...?
Fame is like the clouds — fleeting and elusive. I am viewed as a sinner in the eyes of the Ten-Lords Commission, and the Xianzhou has erased my name from its memory. So be it. A sword cuts with its edge, not its name.
I have already surpassed my limits and may soon succumb to the influence of mara... but given the choice between staring into the abyss with a troubled mind and marching forward blindfolded, I choose the latter.
The Cangcheng was once the most bustling of Xianzhou ships, a place I called home. But when it was devoured by an incarnosphere bred by the Plagues Author, the long-life species had to face the truth that their lives were but a grain of sand in the river of time.
Techniques relying solely on the physical form are but second-rate disciplines. Similarly, swords forged with mortal steel don't serve me well. I have stolen a sliver of moonlight that can shine over the earthly world — a "sword" I control with ease.
Let me think... In the beginning, most of my time was spent on swordsmanship and defeating my enemies. Later, I found myself indulging in all manner of wines that Baiheng brought to me from different planets. And now, watching my enemies suffer has become my newfound passion. Strange pastimes, no?
This sword in my hand... naught but a needle compared with the heavenly bodies. How can I use it to cut open a star?
I, too, once drew the gaze of an Aeon. The only difference was, it was a path I chose for myself — through the deep recesses of the Ten-Lords Commission on the Xuling, through the Gate of Wonders, and onto a path of redemption.
Hmph, Exalting Sanctum has seen little change in the past millennium — a little dull, I would say. However, Starskiff Haven has grown on me since it was rebuilt after the war.
I wouldn't say he's a natural swordmaster... but being gifted shouldn't be a determining factor when choosing an apprentice. Mentors who place importance on natural talent either lack the skills to teach, or seek to take credit for their apprentices' easy success. Fame, background... none of those matter. I will teach my techniques to anyone willing to put their heart into them.
I put him under great pain and suffering when I taught him. On the day his skills are perfected, he vows to return the favor. I look forward to it.
To take the throne, the high elder of the Vidyadhara needs to pass a series of trials during which their physical features slowly transform to resemble that of their predecessors. I see that loss of identity as a curse, rather than a gift. He managed to break free eventually, but should have done it in a different way...
We talked about the stars we flew past, the views we saw together, and the dangers we escaped. But... I can't remember the details. The things we said and did together have all been shrouded in a layer of mist... a mist I cannot see through...
He is still a fledgling, but I see great potential. Still, one cannot truly understand swordsmanship without sustaining injury and drawing blood in the thick of battle...
He is just like me — there is a hole in his heart. No matter what he does to fill it, the hole remains. The harder he tries, the more exhausted he becomes.
The blade's reflection illuminates the past.
If I am to cut through the heart of a star, more time is needed.
Pushing my limits is what made me who I am today. I will not stop here.
There is a story in every scar.
Young man, show me your progress.
Break the enemy's strategy, Jing Yuan — that's what you always did best.
Imbibitor Lunae... It feels like an age since we stood shoulder to shoulder.
That broken sword... You don't want to let go of the past, do you, Blade?
Unworthy of my time.
Another soon to be departed.
Tedious.
An endless lifespan is just a bitter wait for insanity.
Swordward!
Fleeting light, roaring flood!
Try harder.
You can't kill me!
All will be revealed...
...in lunar flame!
A blade of moonlight.
Finally, the end of it...
Did you think my lifespan would be cut short?
Save it for your own skin...
The moon shines on the truth.
Do not concern yourself with the outcome.
Mere worldly possessions.
These are nice trinkets — but nothing more.
It worked.
I taste malice in the air...
Where there are people, there is noise.
Blade fodder!
Stand down and I'll spare you.
Nowhere to run!
Ready for death...?
Can't stop... Can't stop now!
These trifles are of no use to me.
Same old tricks.
To the Xianzhou, I am but an abandoned pawn — a wandering swordmaster. If you wish to avoid trouble, pretend we never met.
Let's forgo the pleasantries — what do you want?
The universe is vast... Will we meet again as friend or foe, dead or alive...?
Fame is like the clouds — fleeting and elusive. I am viewed as a sinner in the eyes of the Ten-Lords Commission, and the Xianzhou has erased my name from its memory. So be it. A sword cuts with its edge, not its name.
I have already surpassed my limits and may soon succumb to the influence of mara... but given the choice between staring into the abyss with a troubled mind and marching forward blindfolded, I choose the latter.
The Cangcheng was once the most bustling of Xianzhou ships, a place I called home. But when it was devoured by an incarnosphere bred by the Plagues Author, the long-life species had to face the truth that their lives were but a grain of sand in the river of time.
Techniques relying solely on the physical form are but second-rate disciplines. Similarly, swords forged with mortal steel don't serve me well. I have stolen a sliver of moonlight that can shine over the earthly world — a "sword" I control with ease.
Let me think... In the beginning, most of my time was spent on swordsmanship and defeating my enemies. Later, I found myself indulging in all manner of wines that Baiheng brought to me from different planets. And now, watching my enemies suffer has become my newfound passion. Strange pastimes, no?
This sword in my hand... naught but a needle compared with the heavenly bodies. How can I use it to cut open a star?
I, too, once drew the gaze of an Aeon. The only difference was, it was a path I chose for myself — through the deep recesses of the Ten-Lords Commission on the Xuling, through the Gate of Wonders, and onto a path of redemption.
Hmph, Exalting Sanctum has seen little change in the past millennium — a little dull, I would say. However, Starskiff Haven has grown on me since it was rebuilt after the war.
I wouldn't say he's a natural swordmaster... but being gifted shouldn't be a determining factor when choosing an apprentice. Mentors who place importance on natural talent either lack the skills to teach, or seek to take credit for their apprentices' easy success. Fame, background... none of those matter. I will teach my techniques to anyone willing to put their heart into them.
I put him under great pain and suffering when I taught him. On the day his skills are perfected, he vows to return the favor. I look forward to it.
To take the throne, the high elder of the Vidyadhara needs to pass a series of trials during which their physical features slowly transform to resemble that of their predecessors. I see that loss of identity as a curse, rather than a gift. He managed to break free eventually, but should have done it in a different way...
We talked about the stars we flew past, the views we saw together, and the dangers we escaped. But... I can't remember the details. The things we said and did together have all been shrouded in a layer of mist... a mist I cannot see through...
He is still a fledgling, but I see great potential. Still, one cannot truly understand swordsmanship without sustaining injury and drawing blood in the thick of battle...
He is just like me — there is a hole in his heart. No matter what he does to fill it, the hole remains. The harder he tries, the more exhausted he becomes.
A long time has passed since I visited this place...
Everything looks the same... just as it was hundreds of years ago.
Imbibitor Lunae, you're here.
Since you've traveled all this way — why don't you come and talk with me?
Or should I call you by your name in this lifetime — "Dan Heng?"
We can head out now. Hmm... I would like to visit a few places from my memories, enjoy a glass of wine, and reminisce about the good times.
I would make a wonderful tourist.
Lower your guard, young man. I have already surrendered myself to the Alliance, and I will keep my word. Besides, your general has already agreed to my request.
Imbibitor Lunae, you must accompany me — I won't take no for an answer. Regardless of whether you're still interested in your previous life, accepting my letter means that you've accepted my invitation.
Where should we start? Should we go to Stargazer Navalia first? Or the Artisanship Commission?
So many memories are swirling inside my head... I can't get a grasp on any of them...
...When the people of the Xianzhou live to be more than a thousand years old, each day is like carrying the weight of a mountain through an interminable maze.
Haha, the young are the antidote. Stargazer Navalia it is.
Young man, have you ever heard of Baiheng, the foxian pilot?
Imbibitor Lunae, if memories are returning to you, share them.
But you've learned how to lie.
She was a comrade and friend both to Imbibitor Lunae and all of us.
Well... that's all in the past now. The reason we came to Stargazer Navalia is because I wanted to pay tribute to her here.
Yes... the sending off of a starskiff. It represents the voyage of the deceased into the stars. Due to circumstances beyond my control, I never had the chance to bid farewell to her... It is something I have regretted to this day.
As for procuring a starskiff, I know they can be manufactured here... but I know nothing of the process.
No need to worry about the two of us.
You like to read? I couldn't tell.
That's right, Baiheng was the one who wrote that travelogue.
Indeed, her luck always astonished us. Whenever she piloted a mission, you could almost guarantee a narrow escape from the jaws of some Abundance behemoth, or a miraculous return from behind enemy lines.
Very few starskiffs she piloted were able to return to port in one piece. The folks at the Sky-Faring Commission secretly referred to her as the "Starskiff Killer."
She also possessed an uncanny ability to predict future events... inauspicious ones, at least. Every ill omen that came out of her mouth would sure enough come true. Very few Cloud Knights had the courage to accompany her on missions.
However, when it came to surviving... her fortunes were incredible. Even in the worst situations imaginable, she was always able to turn the tide.
Luck is a type of strength, after all... I hope that this ship, built for the Starskiff Killer, will also be able to return to the stars.
Thank you, young man.
Baiheng, I've brought your flagon... This was a gift handmade by him, though he never got the chance to give it to you in person.
I'm sorry it took so long for me to find it. Only by bringing it to you will my nightmares be calmed.
I will fulfill what you asked of me. I will keep my word, even if it requires me to cut down the stars in the sky.
Let's go. The Artisanship Commission is next.
... Since the Arbor's resurrection, the land has been crawling with abominations. *sniff* Even the Artisanship Commission's prized Creation Furnace is hanging on by a thread.
Interesting. Stubborn beyond valuing his own life... That reminds me of an extremely arrogant acquaintance. If he were to see the chaos of the Artisanship Commission today, he would burst into laughter at the Xianzhou's incompetence.
And yet where were the Cloud Knights when danger was at the door? From what I heard, it was a group of outworlders that came to the rescue.
Hmph. Young man, why don't we continue our previous contest? Show me whether the sword techniques you are so proud of have improved.
You go on ahead this time. We'll meet up at the Creation Furnace.
It is of no importance... but you and I haven't had a decent contest in ages.
I'm not asking you to point your spear at me. Could it be that the abominations here aren't enough to motivate you?
Leaving so soon? We haven't settled this yet.
Even after your rebirth, your moves and techniques haven't changed one bit.
...like you never forgot.
Don't get anxious, Imbibitor Lunae. We have all the time in the world.
This spear still recognizes you as its master.
Imbibitor Lunae, do you know who crafted it for you?
You can continue to convince yourself that you are merely the reincarnation of Dan Feng and have nothing to do with his sins... and you can keep insisting that you have forgotten everything.
But you cannot run from combat, Dan Heng. Your spearmanship is identical to Imbibitor Lunae's.
Combat is like smelting — purging the impurities with burning flames and exposing a person's true nature.
Those are the words of the one who made Cloud-Piercer for you. Do you remember?
Out of all of us, you were the closest to him. It was strange, really — to see someone so arrogant get along with someone so proud.
Mm... you still remember his name.
When he was but a child, he swore to take revenge on the abominations. That's what drove him to travel across the stars to the Xianzhou — to receive training.
When I first met him, he wasn't even as tall as my sword... but he was boasting about mastering all the crafts of the Artisanship Commission by the time he was a hundred years old. Hehe, the little brat was no less arrogant than the high elder.
At first, I wasn't too fond of his defiant nature, but when we met again, he was able to craft weapons that astonished the master craftsmen. He even snatched the Artisanship Commission title of "Furnace Master."
Unfortunately, the Alliance would never allow a short-life species to run the Artisanship Commission. He was only able to prove his worth alongside us outcasts in the end.
My eyes are fine. I cover them to avoid seeing that which reminds me of the past and riles my inner demons. My thoughts have been disordered lately, and I experience occasional night terrors. Do you have a way to soothe my mind, Dragon Lady?
Are you in trouble, Dragon Lady? I'll come along as well.
It's no bother — a little walk will do me good.
Allow me to eliminate these obstacles, Dragon Lady... Stand back, the chill of my sword freezes everything in its path.
Very well. The fate of a long-life species is inevitable, even with the best doctors.
I made a deal that allowed me to retain what life I had left in me. I may be sane, but one thing is certain — my mind is already at its limit...
...and yet I still have many unfulfilled wishes, and plenty of unfinished business.
Really? How unfortunate... my hatred overshadows my other emotions. I chose to hold onto it, to embrace it, and to use it to maintain my existence.
All I have left are the sword in my hand and my hatred of the past. If I am without either of them... I would fall into an empty void.
Thank you for your advice, Dragon Lady. Meeting you has provided more healing than any kind of medicine or remedy.
By the way, among those you've treated in recent days, did you notice a person in bandages?
The person I'm inquiring about is tall, with a serious expression. He also carries a crude sword with him at all times. Have you seen someone like that, Dragon Lady?
Hm, he's probably looking for a different kind of medicine.
Well then, it would seem that everything is in place. Let's go and meet our old friend.
A wineless gathering, accompanied by only sadness and bitterness. What a depressing reunion.
Jing Yuan, is it not time you sent me to the Xuling?
Jing Yuan... You haven't changed at all — always trying to destroy the plans of others...
...but in the end, whether it be you, me, the Cloud Knights, or the generals of the Reignbow Arbiter... We are all just pawns in a game of the gods. I am sick and tired of treading on a predetermined path.
No matter. I will deviate if you insist, but this does not change how things will end. Ultimately, I will stand on the side of victory.
Imbibitor Lunae, what do you plan on doing next?
The Express won't be able to carry you forever. Your friends all have burdens of their own, just as we did back then.
I did think about giving up on revenge and letting go of everything when I fled the Luofu years ago. However, as time passed, it became more and more clear... It was like an old friend that accompanied me every passing day, always nagging in my ear.
The memories of what I did when I was mara-struck are deeply rooted. Since I am unable to rid myself of them, I decided to face them head-on in the end.
Maybe, when I witness the fall of the Abundance, you and Yingxing will find true release. Goodbye, Imbibitor Lunae.
After being away from the Luofu for so long, I can finally say farewell to you.
In the end... I do not think the details are necessary. We are here today to commemorate her.
Imbibitor Lunae... Do you still remember the battle against Shuhu?
You seem to be interested in learning about your past life...
...still, all of that was erased. After Shuhu attacked the borders, he disappeared without a trace. There are no records of his remains, either.
...but Baiheng didn't care about any of that. She believed that the high elder was mortal and no different from the soldier next to her. You ran a fair share of errands for her when she was still around.
Let me refresh your memory. During that battle, Baiheng, being the headstrong girl that she was, managed to exhaust the luck that was bestowed upon her by the Reignbow Arbiter.
She charged ahead and shattered the enemy's defenses, allowing the Xianzhou soldiers to break through Shuhu's Sanguinary Abyss and awaken you from your Dragon's Delirium... She was not able to walk out of that fight. We all shoulder a debt that we will never be able to repay.
For the Cloud Knights, giving up one's life on the battlefield is an honor... but that wasn't something you believed in, Imbibitor Lunae...
You couldn't accept that Baiheng was gone. Instead of leaving her to eternal rest, you decided to... You made a mistake that can never be undone.
There is no need to respond, Imbibitor Lunae, your answer is no longer important... And now, I will send off this starskiff.
After all this time away from the Luofu, the Seat of Divine Foresight has only become more hostile. It's quite reassuring.
Relax — you needn't be so cautious, young man. I'm just reminiscing about the old days.
However, I never thought Jing Yuan would send you to accompany me. Hehe, it would seem our fates are intertwined.
When I left the Xianzhou, I heard they took away your scales and horns, forced you into a hatching rebirth, and detained you in The Shackling Prison.
I thought Imbibitor Lunae had been wiped from this world... but then I returned to the Luofu and watched as you parted the sea. After all these years, it was a magnificent sight to behold.
Hmm... the answer to that is both yes and no. However, your cold and indifferent tone is identical to the person I knew back then.
"I can't remember..." The words of every person who hopes to escape their past.
The Vidyadhara rebirth normally erases all memory of the previous life. However, you have retained fragments of your past, as well as the powers of the high elder.
I understand. The sins of a past life should be forgiven after rebirth. Now you are a Nameless, traveling across the galaxy... but can anyone really bid farewell to their past?
...If my guess is correct, the Preceptors were unwilling to allow the Ichor Line to end and hoped for Imbibitor Lunae's resurrection. That is why they tampered with the molting rebirth... and turned you into what you are now....
I have no intention of meddling in such things. That is the business of the Vidyadhara.
I, too, am a criminal. What right have I to deliver punishment?
You didn't hear? That Vidyadhara girl explained it clear as day.
I returned to the Luofu so I could surrender myself to the Alliance and atone for my sins.
I did, however, have one request before the trial. I asked to be given a single day to go and see old friends and to fulfill promises I made long ago.
Jing Yuan has always been an understanding person. He heard that you would be coming and agreed to my request.
That's right.
Of course not. Your technique must have improved so much that I simply couldn't keep up with you.
Eavesdropping is a bad habit. Besides, when did I ever say that he was no longer in this world?
Of course he's still alive... but he might be better off dead.
Correct. Such are the twists of destiny.
Some people are born with unparalleled foresight and exceptional intelligence but make the most ill-advised choices at destiny's crossroads.
As smart as he was, he made the foolish attempt to use the flesh of the Abundance Emanator to aid Imbibitor Lunae in resurrecting his deceased companion.
His stupidity turned him into a monster, cursed with immortality. His soul was shattered and became the evil that he hated most. The irony...
I gave him a second chance — does that not count?
He should have been eternally jailed in The Shackling Prison for his crimes, but I gave him a different kind of "freedom."
I took the shell that once held his soul and passed my sword techniques on to him. I let him die a hundred deaths... to remind him of the karma of his previous life. Afterward, I heard he was reborn and even gave himself a name...
We've idled too long. Let's head to the Alchemy Commission.
I heard the Healer Lady is capable of curing all diseases. I'm here for the same reason anyone would be — for a check-up and consultation.
Patience, young man — we're not far from Scalegorge Waterscape. The mission the general tasked you with is about to come to an end.
Take this man away. This does not involve him.
...And so, everyone is present. I never thought the High-Cloud Quintet would be able to gather again in the same place after hundreds of years.
If I remember correctly, the five of us made a promise here seven centuries ago. We promised that no matter what happened, we would gather here together and share a drink.
How sad that Scalegorge Waterscape remains empty while the world continues to turn. Some of us have been reborn, while others were denied death. Some have become criminals, while others... can no longer fulfill their promises. And in the end, our friendship is no more.
Soon, I will be shackled and tried. This will be the last you see of me. This is why I sent out the invitations before departing, hoping that everyone would be gathered here for my final farewell.
Imbibitor Lunae, the chief culprit, chose to use the Transmutation Arcanum as a means of resurrection, begetting terrible transformation and great calamity in the process. He dishonored the name of the fallen.
Yingxing, the accomplice, arrogant and oblivious, used the flesh of the Abundance Emanator to assist Imbibitor Lunae in his evil. He fell, becoming an immortal abomination.
As for Jingliu, the sinner... She succumbed to mara, slaughtered her people, and abandoned her oath.
Now, it is time we pay for what we have done.
Dan Heng, you can never escape the shadow of Imbibitor Lunae. He is your origin, and his sins will accompany you in your path forward until you meet your eventual doom.
Blade... What a fitting name. In the remainder of your infinite life, you will experience only murder and your own death, all the while pleading for a place to rest. This is the only way you are able to relinquish Yingxing's regrets.
And I... will face the punishment of the Alliance and suffer an eternal punishment... before paying an even worse price...
That is the only way to keep the memory of the pain of the past... from fading away.
High-Cloud Quintet... It is time to say goodbye.
I have tried. Besides inflicting more wounds on your body, there is nothing else I can do for you.
The immortality that you possess is not something that can be dealt with so easily. I am sure Destiny's Slave already told you that the swords of mortals are incapable of killing someone with the flesh of an Emanator.
I told you when I taught you the way of the sword — I am uninterested in drawing my blade against someone who does not long for life... who wants only to be slaughtered—
Savor the moment. I will deliver you a brief moment of death.
Where do we go from here?
You are quite the swordmaster, young man.
I heard it. A sword whistles through the air and rings out upon contacting the enemy ... Whilst invisible to the eye, such signals reveal the quality of one's swordplay.
As a musician listens to the notes of a song, so a poet listens to its rhyme... and in the flow of combat, a skilled swordmaster delivers both with their blade. I'll wager the Cloud Knights capable of wielding six flying swords at a time number few indeed.
However, your zealousness inhibits your ability to hide your line of attack....
...which causes your sword's song to become somewhat mumbled at the end.
Sword Champion? If I recall correctly, that title is bestowed on one who reaches the pinnacle of swordsmanship in the Cloud Knights. But that was a long time ago...
The Cloud Knights have many martial arts traditions. Who was it that instructed you in swordplay, young man?
General...
Hm.
Given the present circumstances, the Cloud Knight garrison probably isn't a safe destination, wouldn't you say?
...Young man, if you wish to apprehend someone, shouldn't you have a reason?
I never claimed to be. You came up with that yourself.
Fear not, young man, I hold no grievance against you and have never held ill intent towards the Xianzhou. The black veil covering my eyes is merely proof of my resolve to never look back, to never fall again into mara and destruction.
I came here to catch one person. It's quite fortunate that our paths have crossed.
He goes by "Blade" nowadays? A fitting name for someone who dedicated his mind and body to the ways of the sword.
Take me to him, young man.
You are no match for me, and therefore, no match for Blade either. Let me accompany you — there is no need to throw your life away.
*sigh* I was hoping to avoid a conflict with the Cloud Knights. How about this...
Let's have ourselves a little contest. We can use the abominations that have infested the Luofu as target practice... and see whose sword can slay more, and slay faster.
Then I will obediently follow you to The Shackling Prison and receive whatever judgment awaits me there. Don't worry, I'll keep my end of the bargain.
But if I win, you have to share Blade's whereabouts with me. Fair enough?
I admire your confidence. But what was it you said earlier about declaring a winner before swords were drawn?
It would seem we've cleared every abomination from the area. Let's find another location and continue our contest.
Where exactly are we headed, young man?
...I'm from the Cangcheng.
Are you always this talkative?
I'll take those records you found.
Thank you, young man.
I'll let you make three moves.
Draw your sword. Don't you know it's rude to keep an elder waiting?
Hesitant, weak.
What happened to that confidence of yours?
Underwhelming.
My turn.
Once you draw your sword you must strike down your adversary in one blow without turning back.
Jing Yuan taught you how to slay abominations...
...but did he ever teach you how to deal with the mara-struck?
The answer is: There is no difference. The sword pierces the body and severs its life.
If this sword came for your throat, would you be able to deflect it!?
Did you think this swordplay was just a game of victory and defeat, future Sword Champion?
May the best swordmaster win.
This place is brimming with mara — the perfect environment for honing one's skills. Surely slaying abominations doesn't count as "gambling with official business"?
We go from here to the end of the path without leaving a speck of abomination behind us. The first one to the end wins.
Lead the way.
Hmph, Jing Yuan trained you alright...
Too slow, young man.
What kept you this time?
A long time has passed since I wielded this sword... The heat of combat nearly cast me into the darkness.
Come, young man — I'll let you finish up.
Your final move... was the only one that didn't disappoint.
Our contest has not yet come to a conclusion... for I have yet to make my final move, and the field has no opponent...
Unsheathing this sword without merit is to blaspheme the divine will of the Reignbow Arbiter, and invite calamity.
Even with your strength, if you were to cross paths with Blade, it would mean death for you.
I can give you a more dignified end than dying at his hands... To die as a swordmaster having witnessed the perfection of my technique — refined a thousand times over.
What say you to that, young man?
You have courage.
You'll need to work harder.
Otherwise, you won't even catch me in a starskiff.
I haven't had this much fun in a long time...
I'm a traveling merchant, merely passing through. The name's Luocha.
We got up early to press on with our journey. Did you sleep well last night?
Have an early rest. I'll keep watch here.
I have no one to rely on as a traveling merchant. There is at least some security when I have some ways of saving myself.
The coffin draws attention. As a traveling merchant, it helped me a lot. Everyone is curious about the coffin, so they come up to ask me about it. As I answer them, the business is done.
There are always differences between what I hear about a place and seeing it with my own eyes. Finding out the differences between these perceptions is my joy.
When in a difficult situation, it's not so important to maintain who you truly are, but to find the suitable role to play... Ah, that's just my own experience.
The meaning of a flower lies in the duration of its bloom, and not in its petals, aroma, or the seeds it leaves behind.
I have long heard that the Xianzhou can preserve their beauty, and have found that to be true. However, they keep this secret by hiding in a corner of the galaxy, like sitting on a mountain of wealth without spending it... What a shame.
Not only is the general an expert in perceiving people's intentions, but he is also a master of the arts of concealment and showmanship. When he decides to "show" something, it's time to be careful.
Oh, you mean the young boy? The one who's always by the general? I don't know anything about him...
Unlike her, very few can realize that they are nothing but a tiny mustard seed in this vast galaxy... She is worthy of my respect.
It's hard to forget anything Tingyun says. The Foxians' talent with words should be utilized to its maximum potential, no?
She's kind and always willing to help. She invited me to "tea and storytelling" the next time I'm on the Xianzhou. I'm not so sure about the storytelling — sounds time-consuming.
Nothing is truly new in the universe, but thanks to you, I now see things in a new way.
It takes time and patience for a seed to grow.
The passage of our lives is a brief affair, but it brings more joy than the immortality of the Aeons.
What happened in the past is destined to return — I won't stand still to delay this encounter.
I am not well-versed in the art of combat. I leave this to you, Miss Sushang.
Would you prefer me to reveal or conceal, General?
An enemy worthy of your attention is a formidable enemy.
Yet another journey with you.
Yet another journey with you, Imbibitor Lunae.
Shame. I can't give you the burial that you seek.
Time to settle your accounts.
Don't get complacent.
Pity. You chose the wrong enemy.
What is it we're waiting for?
Hmph.
Abyss Flower, bloom.
Nothing major.
I underestimated you.
Eternal sleep is not the end...
The dead will return!
That which is seized, must be repaid!
It cannot... come to pass...
You see? I've returned.
I feel much better.
Let's wait and see.
A moment's excitement. Nothing more.
Take it, if it's to your liking.
Quality merchandise.
Hardly worth mentioning.
Trouble ahead... Proceed. I'm with you.
It's hard for a wanderer to find rest in this world.
Allow me to see you off.
Receive divinity!
The enjoyment of collecting.
A traveling merchant needs a knowledge of puzzles.
I'm a traveling merchant, merely passing through. The name's Luocha.
We got up early to press on with our journey. Did you sleep well last night?
Have an early rest. I'll keep watch here.
I have no one to rely on as a traveling merchant. There is at least some security when I have some ways of saving myself.
The coffin draws attention. As a traveling merchant, it helped me a lot. Everyone is curious about the coffin, so they come up to ask me about it. As I answer them, the business is done.
There are always differences between what I hear about a place and seeing it with my own eyes. Finding out the differences between these perceptions is my joy.
When in a difficult situation, it's not so important to maintain who you truly are, but to find the suitable role to play... Ah, that's just my own experience.
The meaning of a flower lies in the duration of its bloom, and not in its petals, aroma, or the seeds it leaves behind.
I have long heard that the Xianzhou can preserve their beauty, and have found that to be true. However, they keep this secret by hiding in a corner of the galaxy, like sitting on a mountain of wealth without spending it... What a shame.
Not only is the general an expert in perceiving people's intentions, but he is also a master of the arts of concealment and showmanship. When he decides to "show" something, it's time to be careful.
Oh, you mean the young boy? The one who's always by the general? I don't know anything about him...
Unlike her, very few can realize that they are nothing but a tiny mustard seed in this vast galaxy... She is worthy of my respect.
It's hard to forget anything Tingyun says. The Foxians' talent with words should be utilized to its maximum potential, no?
She's kind and always willing to help. She invited me to "tea and storytelling" the next time I'm on the Xianzhou. I'm not so sure about the storytelling — sounds time-consuming.
Nothing is truly new in the universe, but thanks to you, I now see things in a new way.
It takes time and patience for a seed to grow.
The passage of our lives is a brief affair, but it brings more joy than the immortality of the Aeons.
What happened in the past is destined to return — I won't stand still to delay this encounter.
I am not well-versed in the art of combat. I leave this to you, Miss Sushang.
Would you prefer me to reveal or conceal, General?
An enemy worthy of your attention is a formidable enemy.
Yet another journey with you.
Yet another journey with you, Imbibitor Lunae.
Shame. I can't give you the burial that you seek.
Time to settle your accounts.
Don't get complacent.
Pity. You chose the wrong enemy.
What is it we're waiting for?
Hmph.
Abyss Flower, bloom.
Nothing major.
I underestimated you.
Eternal sleep is not the end...
The dead will return!
That which is seized, must be repaid!
It cannot... come to pass...
You see? I've returned.
I feel much better.
Let's wait and see.
A moment's excitement. Nothing more.
Take it, if it's to your liking.
Quality merchandise.
Hardly worth mentioning.
Trouble ahead... Proceed. I'm with you.
It's hard for a wanderer to find rest in this world.
Allow me to see you off.
Receive divinity!
The enjoyment of collecting.
A traveling merchant needs a knowledge of puzzles.
I'm a traveling merchant, merely passing through. The name's Luocha.
We got up early to press on with our journey. Did you sleep well last night?
Have an early rest. I'll keep watch here.
I have no one to rely on as a traveling merchant. There is at least some security when I have some ways of saving myself.
The coffin draws attention. As a traveling merchant, it helped me a lot. Everyone is curious about the coffin, so they come up to ask me about it. As I answer them, the business is done.
There are always differences between what I hear about a place and seeing it with my own eyes. Finding out the differences between these perceptions is my joy.
When in a difficult situation, it's not so important to maintain who you truly are, but to find the suitable role to play... Ah, that's just my own experience.
The meaning of a flower lies in the duration of its bloom, and not in its petals, aroma, or the seeds it leaves behind.
I have long heard that the Xianzhou can preserve their beauty, and have found that to be true. However, they keep this secret by hiding in a corner of the galaxy, like sitting on a mountain of wealth without spending it... What a shame.
Not only is the general an expert in perceiving people's intentions, but he is also a master of the arts of concealment and showmanship. When he decides to "show" something, it's time to be careful.
Oh, you mean the young boy? The one who's always by the general? I don't know anything about him...
Unlike her, very few can realize that they are nothing but a tiny mustard seed in this vast galaxy... She is worthy of my respect.
It's hard to forget anything Tingyun says. The foxians' talent with words should be utilized to its maximum potential, no?
She's kind and always willing to help. She invited me to "tea and storytelling" the next time I'm on the Xianzhou. I'm not so sure about the storytelling — sounds time-consuming.
That sword she holds in her heart has long since split heaven and earth... but having harnessed that kind of power, she is no longer a mere master of the sword.
Nothing is truly new in the universe, but thanks to you, I now see things in a new way.
I do not.
Do you hail from the Luofu, young master Dan Heng?
I see... It's fine if you'd prefer not to discuss further.
Ah. For some reason, you seem to fit right in here... Perhaps I read it wrong.
...Apologies, forgive my curiosity.
I do often struggle to judge the boundaries of small talk — I hope I haven't offended you.
Please do...
Almost nothing. I was scheduled to leave the Luofu when I heard there was a disturbance.
Miss Sushang here is a member of the Cloud Knights. You could try asking her.
Her name is Sushang. She apparently just transferred here from the Yaoqing.
Every Xianzhou ship operates individually, but the Cloud Knights are all commanded by the marshal. Therefore, it's normal for Knights to transfer between ships.
Me?
Merchants don't belong anywhere — we wander and make the stars our home. But if you're curious... Within the Alliance I'm registered at the Xianzhou Yuque. Within the IPC, I'm registered at the Star Unity Mall branch at the North Valley Star.
...Therefore, Luocha is just the name I use within the Xianzhou. Outside of the Xianzhou, I use something more difficult to pronounce. I'm guessing you want to know that name, too?
The universe is a dangerous place. The IPC and the Alliance only provide for our safety during interstellar travel — on-site security is dependent on our own capacities.
As such, I had to improve my swordplay and healing skills. You are also a wanderer, young master Dan Heng — surely you understand?
Ah, a story of ill luck. I found myself embroiled in a conflict and ended up owing a favor... Now I must assist in delivering these remains back to the Xianzhou.
It would seem I am a magnet for such misfortune... I thought I would be safe on the Luofu, but now...
Of course.
Are we heading off? It's not safe to linger here.
Please. Speak your mind.
Of course.
Not exactly my expertise. I'm just a traveling merchant...
Bold of you to assume my appearance betrays my nature.
Somebody used the Cloudford control panel to block the road with containers.
I'm a traveling merchant, I've been here many times. Now, for a Cloud Knight to be unfamiliar with the local topography...
Is that the one?
Do you need me to point the way for you again?
...
Let's hurry.
Not really, I've just seen them before, that's all.
Oh? What makes you ask that, young master? I'm happy as long as I get to leave this place.
I'm not a very interesting person...
At this stage, I'm just taking it one step at a time.
Thankfully, as a registered merchant on the Xianzhou, I get a discount on all my expenses. In that regard, it makes sense for me to stay a little longer, haha.
Miss Sushang said she could show me around if I find myself unable to leave.
I had some more trading to do on the other Xianzhou ships, but my main appointment was with Miss Tingyun of the Whistling Flames merchant guild. We had a business deal to discuss, but I fear it will no longer go ahead.
Most of the deals won't be particularly profitable — the IPC takes the majority. There's only one that might be worth the journey — a direct trade with the Fanghu...
Before I arrived in Starskiff Haven, I had a diviner read my fortune for the journey ahead. He told me not to be concerned with the destination, but to seize my chances and travel with the current to reap the greatest harvest.
Meaning thank you, Miss Sushang.
You haven't been back home for a long time, have you Master Dan Heng?
Ah... is that so? Apologies.
As home draws nearer, so our feelings grow stronger. I can see it in your eyes.
Do you want to leave? Then do it now.
The Cloud Knights will soon check our identities. I have somewhere else to be — I've tarried here too long.
I'm a traveling merchant. I have one more deal to see through.
Not before I see the money. I'm sure you understand the rules of such a transaction?
Be careful, dangerous is an understatement with this item. I'll take my leave.
Oh? This was all going so swimmingly.
And there I was thinking you gangsters still had some decorum.
That's too kind of you. It was nothing, really.
Don't worry about it. You should head back home now, take care.
Ah, one moment, both of you. That sewage could well contain harmful compounds. I'm something of a doctor — let me give you a prescription. Make sure to use the medicine and get some good rest.
There you go.
Watch your step — wouldn't want to find ourselves in another ditch now, would we?
Aaaand now I'm Luocha~
Hmph, you think a lock like this can stop a girl like me!?
...Such a rudimentary lock. Easy pickings.
And? What's wrong with a quick route, hmm?
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach, foul villain! Have at you!
I didn't expect this place to be so treacherous. I'll need to be on my guard going forward.
I wonder, just who is the buyer interested in the Stellaron...
Ugh, what are all these enemies doing on the Luofu!?
I have a delivery for your boss — I need to give it to him in person. If you could let him know I'm here.
You see, I'm selling this Stellaron to bring food to my dear family — or we'll all have to starve tonight. So, be a good chap and do me a favor, will you?
My apologies. Truth is, I work undercover for the Realm-Keeping Commission.
I have important matters to discuss with your boss. You need to bring him to me now.
I said I need to see your boss. If you're not willing to cooperate, then perhaps some physical persuasion might be in order.
Enough talk. Have at you!
Here, this is all I have: 96,720,000 credits. Take it, and bring me to your boss.
Please let me see your boss? Pleaaaase?
Have a heart, good sir! I'm begging you!
Take your time.
Fights like these don't go unnoticed in Exalting Sanctum — Cloud Knights could show up any minute... Better get going.
The Cloud Knights will have been alerted by now — I need to hurry to the dock.
Worry not... I'll handle it.
Yes. None of this is our concern... The journey has only just begun to—
The buyer is waiting there, time to head over.
Forgive me miss, but you were too busy being hit yourself. It's a good thing I joined the fray.
Miss Sushang, what exactly has transpired here? In all my trade visits, I've never seen Starskiff Haven in such a state.
Aren't you going to take my name too, miss?
"The sea's depths conceal no stone, and dragon's breaths reveal the moon." The scenery of Scalegorge Waterscape is truly as magnificent as the poems describe...
...but as a suspect, shouldn't I be bound and interrogated in The Shackling Prison? Is it really appropriate to bring me to a place like this, General?
For security purposes... I suppose it's not my security you're talking about.
I was asked to deliver a token in my capacity as a traveling merchant — I knew nothing of its significance. I admit, I did have my own agenda for entering The Shackling Prison... but in the end, I found that the Luofu did not possess what I was looking for.
It is through fear of punishment that I am choosing to surrender. The galaxy is a vast place, but I am merely a wanderer. It would be silly of me to think I could outrun the Alliance.
I... Well, they don't call you the Divine Foresight for nothing, General.
Seeing that you sense something is amiss, are you looking to defend me and clear my name of suspicion?
She told me that the High-Cloud Quintet once gathered and feasted here hundreds of years ago.
The unparalleled sword techniques of your master, the mesmerizing cloudhymn magic of "Imbibitor Lunae" Dan Feng, the artful piloting skills of Baiheng, the divine weapons crafted by the Zhuming artisan Yingxing, and the unmatched stratagem of the General...
The five of you vanquished evil from the world, creating legendary tales in your wake. Unfortunately, nothing lasts forever, and the High-Cloud Quintet disbanded as each of you went your separate ways.
You removed me from The Shackling Prison and decided to interrogate me here... but not for security purposes. You wish to discuss things that shouldn't be overheard.
You wish to discuss the one person you've avoided mentioning up to now... your master — Jingliu.
As a follower of the Reignbow Arbiter, you have witnessed the catastrophe brought upon by the Plagues Author, General. Living beings turning into undying monsters, eventually used as sacrifices to the Abundance.
What do you think should be done to put an end to it, General?
Under the auspices of the Reignbow Arbiter, the faithful Cloud Knights continue The Hunt. Their devotion and sacrifices are indeed commendable... but their devotedness has made them close-minded.
Take me, for example. My powers originate from the Abundance, yet my goals are aligned with the Alliance. The Hunt is not the only faction in the universe that wants Yaoshi dead.
It is natural for short-life-species to yearn for immortality — that is expected of any intelligent life form. To want to eliminate these thoughts would be equivalent to killing an Aeon. Such a goal is so impossible as to be laughable, to be honest.
So, in order to sever Yaoshi's curse, one must look to the source for a different solution.
Your master happened upon a revelation and returned from the mara. She has traveled many worlds and discovered a solution...
I apologize, General. I'm afraid the next move... will have to be made on the Xuling.
General, you said it yourself — this is beyond your control. It is the law of the Alliance, we cannot deviate from it.
...I heard that the Ambrosial Arbor shriveled and died a long time ago... How could it suddenly spring back to life and start growing again?
Hehe, I did not expect such a short journey to be filled with so many twists and turns.
How does it feel, Master Dan Heng, to be a subject of the Ten-Lords Commission?
A good answer, short and to the point. It would seem I've been unsuccessful in de-tangling myself of matters thus far...
I suggest we hasten to Starskiff Jetty and send this Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission on her way — we must continue our own journeys as soon as possible.
Be careful, everyone.
You asked all the questions for us.
We are most grateful, Miss Sushang.
...I doubt that. I think Acai is the only one here still taking orders from people.
Hm, interesting practice... Do people on the Xianzhou have no problem leaving blueprints out in the open?
...Are we not outsiders here, Miss Sushang?
Sacrosanct. It means this place is important.
You are too kind, miss. For one, I don't recognize that thing in the painting.
There is no true invincibility or immortality in the world — such exaggerations are born of the perspectives of ordinary beings. Nonetheless, ordinary beings could not have orchestrated the fall of the Propagation... That Aeon was slain at the hands of another Aeon.
You... Are you really from the Xianzhou!? Other Aeons aside, surely you must know the story of Lan and Yaoshi? Isn't destroying the Aeon Yaoshi the Alliance's cherished aim?
In that case... let's just change the subject. If you don't know about the feud between The Hunt and the Abundance, I'm afraid there's just too much to explain.
Oh... this one? It's a casket, more commonly known as a coffin. It's for containing the remains of the deceased.
Yes indeed, this is just part of my job. I was asked to deliver this coffin to the Xianzhou. Ah, I'd quite forgotten — for long-life species, death is probably a distant concept?
...I've heard the story of Long the Permanence and THEIR descendants. Many myths and legends praise the Aeon for a rich and immortal life.
But for some reason, the Aeon disappeared among the stars without a trace — almost as if THEY had never existed... leaving only THEIR descendants.
Every life has its limit. Even the Aeons are not truly immortal and will eventually reach the end of their lives.
Huh... Yes.
No.
Haha, miss, whatever gave you that impression? The individual in the coffin is neither friend nor relative — we met only once. By chance, I made someone a promise, and so I have to run this errand.
Let's leave it at that, shall we? I think we've all had enough rest.
What happened to "us letting you handle it"?
I happen to have some medical knowledge — perhaps I can treat the young lady's injuries.
Don't worry, Miss Sushang — leave it to me.
You might get an aching or numbing sensation, but it shouldn't be too painful... Do you think you can hold still?
Be it mechanical or organic, we're still dealing with composite substances. I just hope you'll tolerate my methods...
I must thank Dan Heng for his invitation — this journey upon the Astral Express has been well worth my while. Interstellar warp jumps with merchants are often dull, and rarely ever feel like an actual journey.
The Astral Express... The {RUBY_B#Akivili}Cloudstrider{RUBY_E#} really was an Aeon of taste.
Oh... Forgive me, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm an interstellar merchant — my Xianzhou registered name is "Luocha."
I met an acquaintance of yours several days ago named Dan Heng. He invited me to board the Express should I have the time, and so here I am.
Astounding! The retro design of this locomotive, the comfort of its cabins! If only our own spacecraft could be modified in such a way...
Hah, now that would be something... but on a merchant ship, load, security, and sterilization take precedence over creature comforts...
What I mean to say is, comfort comes second to business. We generally use the Company's mass-produced transport ships.
Really? After listening to Dan Heng, I assumed you all liked it...
Such a train can be likened to a solitary candle in the darkness of night... One may peer upon civilizations where strife, hardship, desperation, and sorrow exist seemingly in a separate plane of existence...
Such a train can be likened to a solitary candle in the darkness of night... One may peer upon civilizations where strife, hardship, desperation, and sorrow exist seemingly in a separate plane of existence...
People on the Express are shocked at the sight of me.
I heard Dan Heng mention that before he boarded the Express, there was a passenger who looked remarkably like me.
He was seemingly up to no good and left a lasting psychological scar.
The gentleman in spectacles — Mr. Welt Yang — he walked away as soon as he laid eyes on me. A while later he used a device to transfer a book to me called "On The Matter of Environment - No One Is Born Evil."
...I'll wager that fellow was an intriguing character.
...I'll wager that fellow was an intriguing character.
*sigh*
Goodness! I don't mean to offend... I happen to have some medical knowledge, and while observing the flow of your qi, I noticed something unusual about your pulse.
You're not in the best health.
...I would say so.
It's not that serious...
Those who travel the vastness of the universe for extended periods will often find their bodily cycles to be in some sort of disarray. It's a form of space sickness.
Let me prescribe you something to soothe your body and mind — take it before bed. It's best that you establish a regular work and sleep schedule.
Ahem, you are truly too kind...
Well, again, I would say so...
Well, in that case there is little I can do.
Take care of yourself.
Take care of yourself.
I have a question for you that I am hesitant to ask...
Whenever I am in your vicinity, I sense a sort of... power. Could it be you have a Stellaron in your possession?
It is a feeling I have encountered when approaching worlds that have been polluted by the Cancer of All Worlds...
You are mistaken. Dan Heng told me nothing of the sort — this was my own conjecture.
Ah? Then I am most likely mistaken.
The sense I speak of is familiar to me, yet unexpectedly characterized by a calmness. It lacks the fervor and greed that the Cancer of All Worlds possesses.
The sense is familiar to me, and yet...
So, this is the Herta Space Station? I wonder, are visitors permitted onboard?
Is that so? What a shame.
Madam Herta's reputation precedes her of late — her name is constantly mentioned in the company's broadcasts and programs.
Prior to her, they say that the last member of the Genius Society who was willing to showcase their talents was Elias Salas.
Elias Salas's contributions ushered forth a great galaxy-wide technological leap. Now that Madam Herta is on the scene, perhaps another technological revolution looms...
A genius from long ago. It is said that he invented ultraremote sensing and the telepathy beacon, only he signed them over to the Intelligentsia Guild.
Out of the many members of the Genius Society, you could say Elias Salas was... different. He didn't want to extend his lifespan, and so passed away at the age of 103. It's estimated he had at least a hundred different methods for prolonging life, yet he chose not to use them.
She's a member of the Genius Society. Only those approved by Nous may join — the smartest of the smart... her genius is one in a trillion.
At least half the members of the Society have etched their names on the universe's wall of history — there's Aiden, Emperor Rubert, Elias Salas, Dr. Primitive, Screwllum...
Haha, what can I say, I'm a merchant, and information is also a commodity.
I really hope I get the chance to look around the space station.
I really hope I get the chance to look around the space station.
I hope my presence here has not proved a nuisance to you all. Here, a few meager gifts as tokens of my appreciation.
Please, take them. They're not exactly valuable, but they have their uses.
You're welcome.
I should be thanking you.
Hehe, well noted...
Wandering the universe on the Astral Express... *sigh* One can only be envious!
Wandering the universe on the Astral Express... *sigh* One can only be envious!
Could I really "stay where I am" with you two risking your lives to save me?
...
I'm Qingque, a diviner from the Divination Commission. You wanna play Celestial Jade? Okay, come back during my work hours.
You're here this early again? So diligent...
Let's go, let's go, time to play. Are you... thinking of working overtime!?
Work is not about increasing value. It just pays your bills. The trick is to increase value for yourself at your employer's expense.
My Mom said I could relax in a secure job once I passed the Divination Commission entrance exam. Now that I'm in, I feel like I should be doing more...
Told off by my manager? Go play some Celestial Jade. Too much work? Go play some Celestial Jade. Ahhhh, Celestial Jade is my savior!
I can't play Celestial Jade on my own. How come Celestial Jade isn't omnipotent...
There are three basic principles for happiness at work &#8211; do not be proactive, do not say no, and do not be responsible. You should give it a try~
Fun number one, knowing there are books for leisure on the Xianzhou. Fun number two, browsing these books in the Spare Time Bookshop&#32;&#91;sic&#93;. Fun number three — the greatest fun — reading those books at work.
I heard the general often listens to music with his eyes closed. Can we promote that in the Divination Commission? Thank you, general.
I've heard his name. A genius boy, and working every day at such a young age? Sounds exhausting.
As soon as I have free time, the master diviner immediately appears and gives me mundane jobs to do... It looks like I need to work on time management more...
She's a big shot from the Sky-Faring Commission who can't rest even after retiring from the front lines. It's hard being a powerful official.
I saw Tingyun stopping in front of the games parlor once, so I invited her to play a round. Tingyun is pretty and her play is entertaining. People crowded around the game table that day and the mood was on fire. The owner lost all his money — it was great to watch.
Who? That sounds like an outsider... We've got a lot of outsiders. You'll come across them a lot in The Looking Bronze. He's probably here to seek success in "Seeking Immortality" for himself... Yes, I did say "seek" twice.
A newcomer with the Cloud Knights? *sigh* Just go back to where she's from. Everything is so competitive here in the Luofu. You can't get promoted.
I got a bit too excited playing Celestial Jade once and sprained my wrist — a friend recommended her to me. I had my doubts at first, but as soon as she'd written out my prescription, she took out a Celestial Jade set. She told me to practice stacking the tiles to improve wrist flexibility. Naturally, I instantly respected her.
Guinaifen... Oh, you mean Little Gui! Every time I lose at celestial jade, I go watch her acrobatics performance to cheer me up. It's just... I never have enough strale to give her a tip...
Every time I spot that kid, I can't help but feel this intense need to teach her how to play Celestial Jade. I've got to teach her the ins and outs...
You know that book "An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet?" I didn't just read it, I even scribbled down some notes. Shame, though, I still don't have a clue who wrote it...
Life's just like a game of tiles, you never know what's gonna come up next~
When life's all go, the trick is to "steal" a bit of downtime, right?
You're bound to draw the tile you want sooner or later, right?
When it comes to Celestial Jade, it's all about synergy and luck.
 Hey... {NICKNAME}, you're here, too! Let's get this game going~
 Hey... {NICKNAME}, you're here, too! Let's get this game going~
Weird, how'd the Master Diviner figure out I'd be here?
A free performance by Little Gui? There's no way I'm missing that~
Awesome, with a genius like Yanqing around, I can take it easy for a while!
No need to worry, Huohuo, the workday zips by when you're having fun~
Play hard, win big, keep quiet~
When the odds are against you, cut your losses~
Wait for the tiles before you start counting~
Don't rush — the game is always changing~
Don't need this tile~
Time for the payout.
Gotcha!
Fluke.
Sore loser!
Luck of the draw...!
Please, please, please, please, please... ah! Looks like... victory!
Better late than never!
Time for a... day off...
Need an extra player?
Tasty.
Feeling lucky~
We're on a roll, hehe~
We're in the money~
Jackpot!
Just another walk in the park~
Time for another round — let's get them~
Just thinking about work gives me a full-body migraine...
Fights are like gambling — you have to choose when to strike!
Stay calm~
Come onnnn~
Ooh~
Wow~
This hand sucks...
That's a set!
I could use some of your luck~
Done! No need for overtime!
I'm Qingque, a diviner from the Divination Commission. You wanna play Celestial Jade? Okay, come back during my work hours.
You're here this early again? So diligent...
Let's go, let's go, time to play. Are you... thinking of working overtime!?
Work is not about increasing value. It just pays your bills. The trick is to increase value for yourself at your employer's expense.
My Mom said I could relax in a secure job once I passed the Divination Commission entrance exam. Now that I'm in, I feel like I should be doing more...
Told off by my manager? Go play some Celestial Jade. Too much work? Go play some Celestial Jade. Ahhhh, Celestial Jade is my savior!
I can't play Celestial Jade on my own. How come Celestial Jade isn't omnipotent...
There are three basic principles for happiness at work &#8211; do not be proactive, do not say no, and do not be responsible. You should give it a try~
Fun number one, knowing there are books for leisure on the Xianzhou. Fun number two, browsing these books in the Spare Time Bookshop&#32;&#91;sic&#93;. Fun number three — the greatest fun — reading those books at work.
I heard the general often listens to music with his eyes closed. Can we promote that in the Divination Commission? Thank you, general.
I've heard his name. A genius boy, and working every day at such a young age? Sounds exhausting.
As soon as I have free time, the master diviner immediately appears and gives me mundane jobs to do... It looks like I need to work on time management more...
She's a big shot from the Sky-Faring Commission who can't rest even after retiring from the front lines. It's hard being a powerful official.
I saw Tingyun stopping in front of the games parlor once, so I invited her to play a round. Tingyun is pretty and her play is entertaining. People crowded around the game table that day and the mood was on fire. The owner lost all his money — it was great to watch.
Who? That sounds like an outsider... We've got a lot of outsiders. You'll come across them a lot in The Looking Bronze. He's probably here to seek success in "Seeking Immortality" for himself... Yes, I did say "seek" twice.
A newcomer with the Cloud Knights? *sigh* Just go back to where she's from. Everything is so competitive here in the Luofu. You can't get promoted.
I got a bit too excited playing Celestial Jade once and sprained my wrist — a friend recommended her to me. I had my doubts at first, but as soon as she'd written out my prescription, she took out a Celestial Jade set. She told me to practice stacking the tiles to improve wrist flexibility. Naturally, I instantly respected her.
Guinaifen... Oh, you mean Little Gui! Every time I lose at celestial jade, I go watch her acrobatics performance to cheer me up. It's just... I never have enough strale to give her a tip...
Every time I spot that kid, I can't help but feel this intense need to teach her how to play Celestial Jade. I've got to teach her the ins and outs...
You know that book "An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet?" I didn't just read it, I even scribbled down some notes. Shame, though, I still don't have a clue who wrote it...
Life's just like a game of tiles, you never know what's gonna come up next~
When life's all go, the trick is to "steal" a bit of downtime, right?
You're bound to draw the tile you want sooner or later, right?
When it comes to Celestial Jade, it's all about synergy and luck.
 Hey... {NICKNAME}, you're here, too! Let's get this game going~
 Hey... {NICKNAME}, you're here, too! Let's get this game going~
Weird, how'd the Master Diviner figure out I'd be here?
A free performance by Little Gui? There's no way I'm missing that~
Awesome, with a genius like Yanqing around, I can take it easy for a while!
No need to worry, Huohuo, the workday zips by when you're having fun~
Play hard, win big, keep quiet~
When the odds are against you, cut your losses~
Wait for the tiles before you start counting~
Don't rush — the game is always changing~
Don't need this tile~
Time for the payout.
Gotcha!
Fluke.
Sore loser!
Luck of the draw...!
Please, please, please, please, please... ah! Looks like... victory!
Better late than never!
Time for a... day off...
Need an extra player?
Tasty.
Feeling lucky~
We're on a roll, hehe~
We're in the money~
Jackpot!
Just another walk in the park~
Time for another round — let's get them~
Just thinking about work gives me a full-body migraine...
Fights are like gambling — you have to choose when to strike!
Stay calm~
Come onnnn~
Ooh~
Wow~
This hand sucks...
That's a set!
I could use some of your luck~
Done! No need for overtime!
I'm Qingque, a diviner from the Divination Commission. You wanna play Celestial Jade? Okay, come back during my work hours.
You're here this early again? So diligent...
Let's go, let's go, time to play. Are you... thinking of working overtime!?
Work is not about increasing value. It just pays your bills. The trick is to increase value for yourself at your employer's expense.
My Mom said I could relax in a secure job once I passed the Divination Commission entrance exam. Now that I'm in, I feel like I should be doing more...
Told off by my manager? Go play some Celestial Jade. Too much work? Go play some Celestial Jade. Ahhhh, Celestial Jade is my savior!
I can't play Celestial Jade on my own. How come Celestial Jade isn't omnipotent...
There are three basic principles for happiness at work – do not be proactive, do not say no, and do not be responsible. You should give it a try~
Fun number one, knowing there are books for leisure on the Xianzhou. Fun number two, browsing these books in the Spare Time Bookshop. Fun number three — the greatest fun — reading those books at work.
I heard the general often listens to music with his eyes closed. Can we promote that in the Divination Commission? Thank you, general.
I've heard his name. A genius boy, and working every day at such a young age? Sounds exhausting.
As soon as I have free time, the master diviner immediately appears and gives me mundane jobs to do... It looks like I need to work on time management more...
She's a big shot from the Sky-Faring Commission who can't rest even after retiring from the front lines. It's hard being a powerful official.
I saw Tingyun stopping in front of the games parlor once, so I invited her to play a round. Tingyun is pretty and her play is entertaining. People crowded around the game table that day and the mood was on fire. The owner lost all his money — it was great to watch.
Who? That sounds like an outsider... We've got a lot of outsiders. You'll come across them a lot in The Looking Bronze. He's probably here to seek success in "Seeking Immortality" for himself... Yes, I did say "seek" twice.
A newcomer with the Cloud Knights? *sigh* Just go back to where she's from. Everything is so competitive here in the Luofu. You can't get promoted.
I got a bit too excited playing Celestial Jade once and sprained my wrist — a friend recommended her to me. I had my doubts at first, but as soon as she'd written out my prescription, she took out a Celestial Jade set. She told me to practice stacking the tiles to improve wrist flexibility. Naturally, I instantly respected her.
Guinaifen... Oh, you mean Little Gui! Every time I lose at celestial jade, I go watch her acrobatics performance to cheer me up. It's just... I never have enough strale to give her a tip...
Every time I spot that kid, I can't help but feel this intense need to teach her how to play Celestial Jade. I've got to teach her the ins and outs...
You know that book "An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet?" I didn't just read it, I even scribbled down some notes. Shame, though, I still don't have a clue who wrote it...
Even if the sky was gonna collapse on the Divination Commission, the master diviner would be there to hold it up. What she lacks in height, she more than makes up for in stamina.
Anyway, I didn't come here just to play — she ordered me to wait here for our guests. Time is precious! I'm simply multitasking.
Ha! Isn't this hand a problem? I have the worst luck...
Hi there! I can tell just by looking at you that you're the Divination Commission's guests.
I know, I know, I'm sorry — I was going to wait for you by the statue, but— Ah— Triplet!
...but folks from the Realm-Keeping Commission descended on the area. It's too loud over there now... Pass! Pass!
...So I thought to myself, wouldn't it be better to meet somewhere quieter? FOUR OF A KIND!
...And wouldn't that be more fun, too? Better to show you the real Exalting Sanctum and introduce you to a true Xianzhou pastime: celestial jade. Aha...
Victory!
*sigh* Now that my wish has been fulfilled, there's nothing holding us back. Follow me, honored guests.
I must apologize for your long wait, honored guests.
Haha, I'm glad to hear it — you clearly have excellent taste! If you're interested I can show you how to play — it's great fun.
I didn't know the Sky-Faring Commission were history buffs! Not bad, younger generations usually don't know much about it. It's said that the Ambrosial Arbor is an ancient remnant from when the Xianzhou roamed the ether.
From a distance it looks like half a tree stump, but according to Records of the Early Nation, in its prime, "it wound into the heavens, and from it celestial bodies hung!"
Those are metaphors! You shouldn't take poetry so literally.
Exactly, let's just say it was bigger than your imagination.
Anyway, it's just a legend. I see this view every day on my way to work — I'm kinda bored of it.
Let's go.
We're almost there everyone, stay close.
Tourists fresh off the starskiff always head to Starwatcher Avenue in Starskiff Haven — it's one of those bustling tourist streets... But, if you want the real deal on local snacks, you've gotta get to Aurum Alley. I've marked it out for you on your map.
Isn't that the place on Aurum Alley over in Exalting Sanctum? All the foodies go there. What about it? Planning on treating me to a feast?
It's the main commercial street in the Exalting Sanctum, although it's a lot quieter since the whole Stellaron crisis thing.
Whenever I'm tired of celestial jade or slacking off, I head over for a bowl of Granny Chen's Tofu. Darn it, now that you've brought it up, I suddenly don't feel like clocking in for work anymore.
Isn't that the place on Aurum Alley over in Exalting Sanctum? All the foodies go there. What about it? Planning on treating me to a feast?
Tourists fresh off the starskiff always head to Starwatcher Avenue in Starskiff Haven — it's one of those bustling tourist streets... but if you want the real deal on local snacks, you gotta get to Aurum Alley. I've marked it out for you on your map.
Whenever I'm tired of celestial jade or slacking off, I head over for a bowl of Granny Chen's Tofu. Darn it, now that you've brought it up, I suddenly don't feel like clocking in for work anymore.
I'm guessing seeing you here probably means your affairs on the Xianzhou are mostly complete?
Is that it? I thought you were gonna stay for at least a little longer...
Did Welt learn how to play celestial jade in the end...? If he hasn't got the hang of it yet, tell him to come see me and I'll show him the ropes.
Oh, I haven't asked you yet — are you interested in learning yourself?
Aha, I thought so. Come back when you have time — I'll teach you.
C'mon... If you learned how to play, then you, Welt, and March would only need to find one more person! You could get a table going and play a few rounds during your travels.
We're in agreement then. You can come back any time and I'll teach you how to play.
We're in agreement then. You can come back any time and I'll teach you how to play.
Just a heads up — please don't go running off once we're inside.
You may be the master diviner's guests, but she hates people who don't abide by rules and regulations, oh — and people who ask too many questions, not to mention... *sigh* Please don't push her buttons.
...So strange.
I don't understand, it's never been locked before... And no one told me to take a key.
Hey! I know the food here sucks but that's no reason to shut the gate on our guests!
No way — she's already demoted me to managing the repository. What else does she want from me?
There's no need to panic, okay? This isn't the only entrance into the Divination Commission. I know an emergency access.
Don't scare me! Master diviner wouldn't let anything bad happen on her watch.
Here it is.
You're pretty sharp. Divination Commission staff call this the "loafing gate."
When there's nothing to do, we often sneak out from here and spend a few hours lazing around outside.
Ugh, this Stellaron corrosion... what's going on?
Great, this gate won't open either. We've kept the master diviner waiting — no doubt she'll blame "unreliable Qingque" for messing up once again...
Huh? Oh, uh... no need. Actually I was just being polite, I don't see why not.
Let me show you — this thing is pretty fun.
Wow, you're amazing Mr. Yang! You handled that well for an outsider. I officially hand over the title of "keeper of the loafing gate" to you!
That's unfair — I'm working hard! Look, these are the guests the master diviner wants to meet.
I—I'm just a diviner, wouldn't I slow you down!? Ugh, okay, here I come...
This is the Matrix of Prescience — a large-scale jade abacus calculation terminal. It's the pride and joy of the Divination Commission.
A jade abacus is just... a jade abacus!
Eh-he, that's a good question, Mr. Yang — it might take me a minute to give you an answer. Let me think...
The book Glimpses Into the Beyond describes it as "living jade engraved with symbols for divination into the unknown."
Just like engraving a seal, the craftsmen of the Xianzhou Artisanship Commission carve faint symbols into pieces of jade, and then insert them into machines to get them to operate according to a certain intention.
Some jade abacuses are small enough to fit inside bracelets and jewelry. We put the bigger ones into instruments of calculation so we can simulate the future and learn from the past.
Take the Matrix of Prescience here as an example. As long as sufficient information is provided, it can answer questions on anything — from the evolution of natural phenomena to the metabolism of living things.
They say the theory behind the symbols was handed down by Nous, the Wisdomwalker. The principles are so profound that in the Divination Commission only the master diviner truly understands them.
I'm afraid that's impossible — the Artisanship Commission's Hall of Jadeology keeps a close watch over the jade carving process.
But if you're interested, there's a shop selling jade abacus jewelry in Starskiff Haven — I can show you around when I'm free.
Anyway, don't dwell on names. As long as the machine works, what does it matter whether it's a "jade abacus" or a "computer"?
Just like today — would it have mattered if "Baique" had brought you here instead of Qingque? It makes no difference at all.
We're almost at the Matrix of Prescience core. The master diviner should be waiting.
Master Diviner, I've brought you the guests, though... it wasn't your order I received.
Is this what I get? No reward and a bunch of extra work...
*sigh* The master diviner wants me to restart the Matrix of Prescience's base terminals... and bring you along for the ride.
Ugh, I worked so hard on getting transferred to the repository — it's the best place to slack off and be invisible.
Now I actually have career prospects... this is terrible.
If I screw it up, they might fire me... but if I get it done right, they'll send me more work!
I'm gonna ask more questions next time... I could be playing celestial jade right now.
I'm gonna ask more questions next time... I could be playing celestial jade right now.
Let me see, this is the Temporal Terminal.
"Observes the potential of the temporal plane." They say this terminal is designed to retrieve information related to time.
That should do it.
The more complex something is, the more important it is to keep it simple. Don't you think?
Hehe, maybe deep down she just wants to be lazy once in a while — like me!
This must be the Spatial Terminal. They say this terminal is designed to retrieve information related to space. You probably could've guessed that...
Darn, the Spatial Terminal. They say this terminal is designed to retrieve information related to space. You probably could've guessed that...
This must be the Karma Terminal. They say this terminal is designed to establish the causal relationships between objects.
Darn, the Karma Terminal. They say this terminal is designed to establish causal relationships.
Phew, we did it. All three terminals activated.
Let's go back to the core and report to the master diviner.
Done, next.
Take it easy, there's nothing supernatural on the Xianzhou. It's an aurumaton — it's guarding the Matrix of Prescience. They're stationed at various strategic places.
We're here by order of the master diviner to restart the Matrix of Prescience — friends not foes.
Ah...! March, you should join the Divination Commission! Q—Quick, do something!
Phew, that was scary. I was having a snack in the repository when the Ambrosial Arbor started to grow — the trunk suddenly shot right up into the sky. So the legends were right all along...
Such is life, full of surprises. That's why you gotta seize any opportunity to take a break — who knows when trouble will come knocking at your door.
It'll be fine. Even if the sky collapses, we have the master diviner with us to hold it up. Oh, and now we have the general here too.
What do subordinates like us have to panic about? Let the big shots worry about the big events. That's the secret to happiness.
She did — she saw me on her way over. She told me to go to the repository and read up on anything related to the Ambrosial Arbor.
A simple task like that is only fifteen minutes' work for me.
I heard people say even the general has to watch his manners when asking you for help — pretty impressive! I don't have much to offer you... Uh, here! Take this book. It's the thought that counts!
I was gonna wait for the master diviner to get off work so I could show you around and teach Mr. Yang how to play celestial jade.
I know, I know, you've got an important task ahead... sorry to keep you. Priorities are priorities.
Well then, get back safely. Remember to come find me in Exalting Sanctum!
Oh, you're here! Is that a Ten-Lords Commission judge?
Something's amiss in the Divination Commission — everyone is mumbling to themselves. Is this some workforce overhaul? Did I set a bad example?
That sounds like a compliment, but at the same time... Eh, I'll just take it as a compliment.
Good idea, with working conditions like these, I wouldn't be able to concentrate anyway...
I heard from Awei that the Artisanship Commission is also experiencing strange phenomena — several of the apprentices have started babbling nonsensically, it's kinda scary... Of course, it could just be a side-effect of being denied graduation.
It doesn't seem like a good idea to just stand here under such dangerous circumstances, does it?
Yeah, yeah, I've seen it alright... but if I leave now, won't that count as unauthorized absence? I can get away with slacking off, but the Master Diviner won't tolerate complete abandonment of my post.
Besides, you guys need someone familiar with the Divination Commission to show you the way, right? Then let's go.
Is everyone... okay?
How did the Matrix of Prescience become like this?
Judging by her chanting, I think she's performing navigation calculations, or divining...
But something's not right — the Matrix of Prescience isn't moving at all.
A heliobus... is that the danger you were talking about?
I read about them in a book. "Starfire Essence that can transform itself — enjoys manipulating the dreams and desires of mortals." You mean the Master Diviner is being controlled by something like that...?
How can we snap her out of it?
But before I leave, I have to help these guests take care of some trouble here at the Commission. If I don't, people will think I was fired because of cowardice in the face of danger.
Master Diviner, you're awake!
I...? Th—That's...
...a great idea!
Eh-he, my days here really have been unproductive — loafing around outside and playing Celestial Jade — all while taking a Divination Commission salary. It's... how to put it...
Not exactly, I do complete all my assigned work on time...
I would call it: wasting my life away. Thank you, Master Diviner, for giving me the push I needed. Since you feel that my skills could be put to better use elsewhere, it's time for me to think about making some changes.
What next? What do we do now?
Hehe, giving a dramatic speech to my boss was cool and everything, but it's not gonna help her break free from the heliobus clouding her mind.
Master Diviner! A—Are you alright?
No need to thank me, Master Diviner. By the way, while you were possessed, you fired me from the Commission, so... that counts, right? I'll have to ask you to give me written notice that my contract has been unilaterally terminated.
Then, with all the years I've spent in the Divination Commission, I'll be able to get a great severance package...
...and I already planned what to do with all the money — I'm gonna open a gaming parlor, hire a couple of workers to run it, and spend the rest of my days living off the profits. I'll have started a new life without having lifted a finger, hehe.
Huh!? M—Master Diviner, you can't back out now!
I can't convince real you, let alone possessed you... Master Diviner, you should get some rest. I'm gonna go take a br— uh, I mean... get back to work...
What's going on...
This place is what the Divination Commission calls the "Pathfinder." It's a sandbox game that diviners use to simulate future paths and exercise our minds. But why did the Master Diviner bring us here?
We did it!
Yes, for a puzzle that was designed from the start, choosing any other path would be a pointless mistake.
But the universe isn't someone's game, and no one is designing puzzles for us to solve. The universe doesn't have a single answer... we can do anything we want while we're in it.
Even if it's the same work every day, I can hide in the library and read a book or find someone to play Celestial Jade with... and that's freedom.
That's the most "divinery" thing you've said so far...
I have a proposal — why don't we try a more advanced sandbox?
The path changed slightly, but it was just as simple. I'm sure the Master Diviner would say—
Actually, I don't think I agree. Master Diviner, let's reset the sandbox and give it another go, shall we?
No, there's a second choice. There will always be another choice.
You're all gonna help, right?
Correct.
I only need two people for my plan to work.
Next, Judge Huohuo, you stand on the other side — and stop shaking!
All right, we're ready.
And now the second path appears.
Even if I lose, I'll still make choices to lighten the loss — just like the Master Diviner is making choices for her own agenda.
This is the other solution — the alternative choice. I created a new solution.
Master Diviner, you're not the only one who can design a puzzle, and I don't tread the path of destiny alone.
Creatures like you don't understand humans.
The universe is like jade tiles on a game table. When the tiles are shuffled, the outcome is already predetermined.
Which tiles can be played, which tiles are leftover, what kind of hand the person next to you is trying to make — all of these can be determined through calculations. But if everything is just a calculation, the game loses its flavor.
Randomness and adaptability, ambushing your opponent, twists and turns, the balance of the elements — it's a mix of calculations, unknowns, and loss of complete control that makes Celestial Jade the kind of game it is — and those are the same things that give life its color and vibrance.
Do my "choices" at the game table mean nothing if I have a sure loss in front of me? No — the choices are what make the game meaningful in the first place.
You were right when you said that as Master Diviner, you must comb through the complex threads of destiny day after day, all for the preservation of this giant ship.
In this vast universe — a game where there are only losers — our Master Diviner is making endless choices, fighting against the odds just so the Luofu can safely travel for another day. Hehe, in my book she's the best player there is.
Why would someone as talented as the Master Diviner go through the trouble of making endless choices if the end result is predetermined?
Heliobus, you cannot fathom the joys of humanity. You are imprisoned by the illusion of destiny, unable to free yourself, and you want everyone who peeks into the future to suffer the same pain as you.
You... You don't understand humans at all.
Keralum, release the Master Diviner!
Oh, hey! I'm Luka, a member of Wildfire. Roughing up thugs and protecting the townsfolk is just part of my everyday job.
The tournament's starting? Great! Let me get warmed up.
Need a rest? Go! Tell you a secret though — a champion wins by training hard while others rest.
I don't fight because I like violence, or want to win the championship, or to show off to anyone... I just think there are too many thugs in the Underworld and the kids need a good example.
My master said: Try not to think too much about what you lost — think more about what you gained. Every time I look at my arm, I remember those words.
The Overworld? Not really interested. Unless, of course, there's a worthy opponent up there, or a bully that needs a good lesson.
A popular Fight Club motto: "Make friends with the one who hurts you the most..." No wonder everyone wants to be my friend!
Vegetables... mushrooms... disgusting. Why is it whenever there's an extinction, it's never these things?
Have you heard of the three wonders of the Underworld? Geomarrow, heartless supervisors, and Luka's fist of steel!
It's hard to believe, but there are folks willing to spend their whole lives putting hammer to iron or pickaxe to stone... I know, I know —  not everyone has the opportunity to follow their dreams... but without dreams, I don't think I'd have made it this far.
Unless my injuries are serious, I try my best not to bother Natasha. Too many people need her help, they shouldn't have to suffer for my carelessness.
Seele... Now, how can I coax her into joining the tournament? With her strength, she'll easily be crowned champion... unless she meets me! Ha!
Gotta find an opportunity to beat that tinhead in an arm wrestle... Huh? You thought I was serious? Well, maybe the right arm...
I don't need a middleman. Plus, anyone who calls themself "tall, blue, and handsome" definitely can't be trusted.
Everyone says Hook is too naughty, but I think she's a good kid. An example? Uh... guess I don't have any — just my gut feeling. Tsk, what do you mean "spoken like a true honorary member of The Moles"!?
...Oh, uh, never mind — I was just wondering how much training I've got left before I can finally beat Master Oleg. I need to hurry up — if he gets too old it won't be impressive anymore!
Niiiice, let's go!
Very practical. Nice call!
So! Give up yet?
I'm just getting started!
I could take you one arm only!
Better throw a punch or it'll be curtains, friend.
Need a hand...? My pleasure!
Don't get cocky now!
...That all you got?
...Now we're talking!
Where's the applause?
An opponent worth their salt... Let's see some sparks fly!
Gotta keep fighting...
Back in the ring!
Keep patching me up!
Strike first!
Now that's a gold-winning victory!
Huh, another surprise?
Now that's what I'm talking about!
Brawn's good and all, but what would it be without brains?
Ha, here comes the appetizer!
I wanna find somewhere to put my feet up.
Ha, small fry!
Snap out of it!
Huh? That's barely enough for one person!
Still got the brains!
Oh, hey! I'm Luka, a member of Wildfire. Roughing up thugs and protecting the townsfolk is just part of my everyday job.
The tournament's starting? Great! Let me get warmed up.
Need a rest? Go! Tell you a secret though — a champion wins by training hard while others rest.
I don't fight because I like violence, or want to win the championship, or to show off to anyone... I just think there are too many thugs in the Underworld and the kids need a good example.
My master said: Try not to think too much about what you lost — think more about what you gained. Every time I look at my arm, I remember those words.
The Overworld? Not really interested. Unless, of course, there's a worthy opponent up there, or a bully that needs a good lesson.
A popular Fight Club motto: "Make friends with the one who hurts you the most..." No wonder everyone wants to be my friend!
Vegetables... mushrooms... disgusting. Why is it whenever there's an extinction, it's never these things?
Have you heard of the three wonders of the Underworld? Geomarrow, heartless supervisors, and Luka's fist of steel!
It's hard to believe, but there are folks willing to spend their whole lives putting hammer to iron or pickaxe to stone... I know, I know —  not everyone has the opportunity to follow their dreams... but without dreams, I don't think I'd have made it this far.
Unless my injuries are serious, I try my best not to bother Natasha. Too many people need her help, they shouldn't have to suffer for my carelessness.
Seele... Now, how can I coax her into joining the tournament? With her strength, she'll easily be crowned champion... unless she meets me! Ha!
Gotta find an opportunity to beat that tinhead in an arm wrestle... Huh? You thought I was serious? Well, maybe the right arm...
I don't need a middleman. Plus, anyone who calls themself "tall, blue, and handsome" definitely can't be trusted.
Everyone says Hook is too naughty, but I think she's a good kid. An example? Uh... guess I don't have any — just my gut feeling. Tsk, what do you mean "spoken like a true honorary member of The Moles"!?
...Oh, uh, never mind — I was just wondering how much training I've got left before I can finally beat Master Oleg. I need to hurry up — if he gets too old it won't be impressive anymore!
Niiiice, let's go!
Very practical. Nice call!
So! Give up yet?
I'm just getting started!
I could take you one arm only!
Better throw a punch or it'll be curtains, friend.
Need a hand...? My pleasure!
Don't get cocky now!
...That all you got?
...Now we're talking!
Where's the applause?
An opponent worth their salt... Let's see some sparks fly!
Gotta keep fighting...
Back in the ring!
Keep patching me up!
Strike first!
Now that's a gold-winning victory!
Huh, another surprise?
Now that's what I'm talking about!
Brawn's good and all, but what would it be without brains?
Ha, here comes the appetizer!
I wanna find somewhere to put my feet up.
Ha, small fry!
Snap out of it!
Huh? That's barely enough for one person!
Still got the brains!
Oh, hey! I'm Luka, a member of Wildfire. Roughing up thugs and protecting the townsfolk is just part of my everyday job.
The tournament's starting? Great! Let me get warmed up.
Need a rest? Go! Tell you a secret though — a champion wins by training hard while others rest.
I don't fight because I like violence, or want to win the championship, or to show off to anyone... I just think there are too many thugs in the Underworld and the kids need a good example.
My master said: Try not to think too much about what you lost — think more about what you gained. Every time I look at my arm, I remember those words.
The Overworld? Not really interested. Unless, of course, there's a worthy opponent up there, or a bully that needs a good lesson.
A popular Fight Club motto: "Make friends with the one who hurts you the most..." No wonder everyone wants to be my friend!
Vegetables... mushrooms... disgusting. Why is it whenever there's an extinction, it's never these things?
Have you heard of the three wonders of the Underworld? Geomarrow, heartless supervisors, and Luka's fist of steel!
It's hard to believe, but there are folks willing to spend their whole lives putting hammer to iron or pickaxe to stone... I know, I know — not everyone has the opportunity to follow their dreams... but without dreams, I don't think I'd have made it this far.
Unless my injuries are serious, I try my best not to bother Natasha. Too many people need her help, they shouldn't have to suffer for my carelessness.
Seele... Now, how can I coax her into joining the tournament? With her strength, she'll easily be crowned champion... unless she meets me! Ha!
Gotta find an opportunity to beat that tinhead in an arm wrestle... Huh? You thought I was serious? Well, maybe the right arm...
I don't need a middleman. Plus, anyone who calls themself "tall, blue, and handsome" definitely can't be trusted.
Everyone says Hook is too naughty, but I think she's a good kid. An example? Uh... guess I don't have any — just my gut feeling. Tsk, what do you mean "spoken like a true honorary member of The Moles"!?
...Oh, uh, never mind — I was just wondering how much training I've got left before I can finally beat Master Oleg. I need to hurry up — if he gets too old it won't be impressive anymore!
...Hmph.
...Hehe.
Were you here just to see my fight? Well, I'm flattered.
I just won a little fight in the cage — what you did was much bigger than that. We...
Do you wanna head outside? It's a bit loud for talking in here.
See you next time, everyone...
...there are sparks yet to fly!
Hey! Seele! And, um, you are...?
...So this is the trailblazer who helped reunite the Overworld with the Underworld? It's truly a pleasure to meet you!
Finally, I think we lost them... Let's chat here!
...Are you still angry at me over that one time, Seele? I just got a bit carried away...
The mood was on fire that day, but the final match was over in just a few swings — everyone wanted more. So, in the heat of the moment, I just... Come on — don't hold that against me, Seele.
I've always been impressed by you — I've wanted to spar with you for ages.
Ah, yes! So, I'm trying to get a plan going...
Yes — more accurately, my personal training plan.
Hm? Not really. It's my personal training plan.
I want you to join me in witnessing the next steps in the development of Luka, the Boulder Town fighting champion!
Hahaha, you can't hide anything on that face of yours. Oleg already told me that things in the Underworld are pretty peaceful now, and even Wildfire is running out of things to do.
I knew it!
I knew it!
So that's a yes, right? I knew it!
Great! That's settled then! The training is on Svarog's turf. I heard about your achievements — you probably know that place like the back of your hand, right?
Just lemme know when you're ready and we can head over together!
That was fast! Let's do it!
Keep up, Seele! Don't fall behind!
Ha, don't stress! I promise this trip will be relaxing and fun.
Take your time. Come back when you're ready.
...
Ugh... I...
Ha... thank you all. I feel much better now. Sorry, Nat... I must have wasted your time.
Hahaha... you're always so serious. I've said it before — this is my train— *coughing*
Thanks, Nat — but I'm almost recovered.
I have... some things to do... Ah...
Don't worry, just follow me. We need to find a mechanic called Cassidy first — I've hit him up before. This way!
Relax, bro! I'm a man of my word. No need to stress out.
I see, two robots... Do you have any clues? Any reasonable guesses? We need to have an opening to start the investigation.
Hmm, a drone that was supposed to sound an alarm suddenly went silent... Worth remembering. Anything else?
Mm-hmm... Cool, we've got this! Don't worry, bro. We promise we'll find your robots!
Trust me, Seele!
Don't worry, Cassidy — Wildfire's on the case. You just rest up here, and don't let this ruin your day!
Slow down, Seele! Listen to my analysis first.
It's a big job to steal two robots without anyone noticing, especially when one of them has an alarm. I'm guessing that our thief friend never even took Little Fay.
I think the thief knew that Little Fay had an alarm, so they decided to break it.
But they also knew that Cassidy could fix Little Fay, and use its tracker function to find Big Ben... The thief must have tossed the broken drone somewhere and only made off with Big Ben.
...Hey, why are you both looking at me like that? Say something.
Hahaha, so you agree with my reasoning, right?
Seriously? You've gotta tell me if there are holes in my logic.
Hahaha, I'm not just biceps and steel, y'know. Well, if you all agree with what I said, let's go prove it.
Missing drones are a bit of a regular occurrence down here. Come on, move those legs!
Look, there's a drone over there! But how can we tell if it's the one Cassidy lost...
Oh, you're right! You've got a good eye, Seele! Whoever did it must've been in a hurry.
Listen! That must be the tracking system Cassidy mentioned.
Hey, friend!
Uh, I'm not sure this falls under "petty crime," Seele — that's a whole robot he's got next to him. It's Big Ben alright.
That's right. Cassidy sent us here! Hand over what you stole, or be prepared to face the fist of a champion!
Ha! I was thinking the exact same thing! Here, let me punch some sense into you!
Hahaha, you're admitting defeat? What happened to all that bravado you had a few moments ago?
"The Moltammerville warrior..."
"...the peerless Boulder champion..."
"...upholding justice and peace once again!"
Nice! Our thieving friend surrendered, and Big Ben looks to be in one piece. The first step of the champion's training is complete!
...Huh, why are you two so straight-faced? Can't you look a little happy?
Oh, that? Nothing, just a slogan — don't take it too seriously. Let's get Big Ben back to Cassidy.
See? I kept my word, right? Wildfire's senior members always deliver what we promise.
Yeah, go ahead! We'll catch up later.
...That felt great! It's such a wholesome feeling to help other people, don't you think?
Three. Just three steps. Trust me, it won't take too much of your time!
Easy, I'm about to tell you.
Hahaha, I like your spirit! Shame I didn't run into you sooner.
Let's go! Next, we're gonna clear up all the Fragmentum cronies still left in the settlement!
...Wasn't affected by the Fragmentum, right? You're not wrong. The fissure here only recently opened up. Master Oleg got the intel from our network just yesterday.
I asked him to leave this case to me. Perfect for the second step of the training, right?
Way ahead of you. Follow me!
Our intel should have been accurate... Seems like Boss Svarog must have let his guard down — these guys are messing up his turf!
Ah, no wonder these minions are so active — there's a big fella hiding behind them!
Hahaha, that's right! What's up? Starting to get into it, Seele?
"The Moltammerville warrior..."
"...the peerless Boulder champion..."
"Defeater of evil throughout the world!"
Hahaha, it's just a normal victory celebration. No need to be so alarmed.
Don't get so worked up, Seele! I'm thinking clearly! Plus, didn't we just get rid of another major threat to the Underworld?
Hahaha, don't worry! I promise you, it'll only last till the end of my training. Actually, have I been making too many promises today? That's not a good habit...
Anyway, there's only one more step in my training plan. Come on guys, help me wrap it up!
The final step in this training — is to challenge boss Svarog!
Whoa, whoa, stay cool, Seele. Like I said, I'm thinking clearly. Every word I said is serious!
I set this as the final goal of my training a few days ago. Think about it — is there any Underworld opponent worth challenging more than Boss Svarog?
I'm not going to rile him up! Don't make this more complicated than it is. I'm just inviting him to have a fair fight with me, like how you'd have in the cage!
...That means we're evenly matched, right?
Hahaha, I understand what you're saying, Seele! But you know, I'm a fighter... It's my duty to keep training and get stronger.
It's a terrible feeling to have a powerful opponent in your head but never be able to get close to him. It's all thanks to your patching things up with Svarog that I'm able to have this opportunity now — I'm not gonna miss it for the world!
Haha, don't worry, I'll convince him! But you're right. If he's not in the mood for it, then I won't force him.
I haven't really worked with boss Svarog before, so please, lead the way. Let's go!
Hey! An honor to meet you, Boss Svarog! I'm Luka, a senior member of Wildfire, just like Seele.
...Wow, impressive! Thank you for saving me the self-introduction.
Straight to the point, just the way I like it — I'm here to challenge you, Boss Svarog!
Yep! It's not that complicated. I just wanna go a few rounds with the one everyone agrees is the most powerful in the Underworld, and see where I stand. What do you say? Are you interested?
Hahaha, see? I told you I could convince him!
You can be our referee, Seele! You know the rules of the club inside out.
I'm ready, Svarog! We can start any time!
Ha! I'm honored to be one of the things in the Underworld that even you don't know about!
This arm — well, it's not that exciting. It's all because I got distracted in a defense campaign. I can't even remember the date of that fight.
More importantly... It was only after losing my arm that I found the meaning of life — what it really feels like to be alive!
That's why I'm standing here right now — to feel alive, and also for everyone who put their hope and faith in me!
...Whenever you are!
Let's see some sparks fly!
I... can't...
Ha... ha...
That's... really...
Seems like it. Kids always come to me when they lose stuff.
Man, this is area is so run-down... I wouldn't wanna live here.
We can change that, right?
Look! That fella over there is acting pretty shifty.
He's gotta be the thief we're looking for. Let's go and have a chat with him!
It's just training, for real! It's not like you to be so suspicious, Seele.
Say, how did you settle your beef with Svarog? Tell me the juicy details.
Hmm? What's up?
Hahaha, that's all you wanna ask? I don't necessarily tell master Oleg everything, you know.
Hahaha, I really can't tell whose side you're on!
Give it up! You're no match for us!
You've got guts... Time to end this!
Ha! I'll deal the final blow!
Ha! Finally, an opponent that can take the punches head-on!
That's why they call you Boss Svarog! How about this!?
Tsk... not bad...
...No way. I'm a long way from tapping out! Let's go!
Just a bit... more...
...N—No! It's not over!
I must... show you...
Ha... ha... thanks...
But... it's not... over...
I've always lived in the Underworld and never ever imagined... I just can't believe I can look at my home from this angle...
Say, our planet really isn't that big, is it?
...Oh, like how things look big when they get closer? I get that!
You've been traveling for so long. Surely you've been to places way bigger than this?
So you've been to places way bigger than this?
Don't laugh, but I used to hide in the storage room in my dad's workshop and go through old picture books. They were full of places I'd never seen before — oceans, forests...
I heard Jalo... Uhh I mean Jarilo — right? I heard Jarilo-VI didn't use to be all snowy like this, and it had all sorts of landscapes and natural environments. They are totally magical to me. I'd never have imagined it myself.
Maybe it's too unrealistic to wish it'd go back to the way it was, but it's good to have a dream, right? Hahaha~
Yeah, that's the spirit! I wanna see some places with a little more get up and go, y'know? Still, those places wouldn't be home.
...Case in point, I've only been here for a while, but I'm already kinda missing the taste of the Underworld air. Hahaha!
If I could find a way to turn the clock back on Jarilo-VI... Just thinking about it makes me excited!
Space travel is pretty tempting, but what I wanna do most... is help the people around me and protect my home.
Uh... The portion sizes on the Express are too small! Things were pretty scarce in the Underworld, but the food stall owners were never this stingy.
Um. Really?
Maybe that's true. A boxer does need to take in a lot more energy than the average person. Hahaha.
Um, that's a thing?
I'm not really used to that. Eating is all about eating your fill!
And, uhh... it seems like the conductor likes to include these weird vegetables in the lunches... I don't know what they are, but I don't like them.
*sigh* If I didn't have to worry about nutrition, I'd be ordering Cosmic Fried Rice every meal...
The portion sizes on the Express are too small!
When I get the chance, I gotta give the conductor my feedback...
See, my mechanical hand is made by the craftsmen in the Underworld. The techniques they used are the best in Belobog.
But after I boarded the Express, I found out that even your most ordinary everyday equipment is way more advanced than any tech I've ever seen!
I wonder... should I ask somebody here to modify my hand a bit and make it more powerful?
...That's a good idea!
With such a powerful weapon, I'd be able to take on a hundred Fragmentum monsters at once!
Hahaha, of course I'm not gonna use it in the ring.
Just think about it. If I had a weapon that powerful in the palm of my hand, I could take on a hundred Fragmentum monsters at once!
That's it then! Cool! I'll go chat with Himeko about this later.
...Why not? Seems like Himeko knows a lot about weapons — guns, cannons, you name it!
Uhh, that is unless you're thinking of a different Himeko?
I'll go chat with Himeko later and see if she has any advice about modifying my mechanical hand.
I knew from the moment I saw her that she must be really good at modifying weapons!
No? That won't do...
Huh? Don't you train?
...So you don't have one? That won't do...
I figured you folks fight nasty enemies all the time. How can you not have regular physical training?
I've decided. I'm gonna raise the issue with the conductor and get them to put together a training room for you!
You folks fight nasty enemies all the time, right? You need to have regular physical training to stay in top form.
I've decided. I'm gonna raise the issue with the conductor and get them to put together a training room for you!
I just met March and Dan Heng — I'd heard about your adventures together but this is the first chance I got to meet them in the flesh.
Interesting duo, haha! Guess they must keep you pretty entertained, huh?
March has a lot of energy!
My master and Seele both think that I talk too much. Never thought I'd run into someone chattier than me... hahaha!
Really? I get the feeling he doesn't like to talk...
My master and Seele both think that I talk too much. I wonder if Dan Heng thinks the same.
I'm jealous that you get to travel with such interesting people!
I'm jealous that you get to travel with people as interesting as March and Dan Heng!
I found some extra supplies while I was tidying up — might be a help to you.
It's been pretty peaceful in the Underworld recently, so we don't have a lot of use for this stuff anymore. I figured I might as well share it all with the Express Crew.
Take it! Don't be shy!
Since the Express Crew helped the Underworld through such a tough time, I need to do my best to help you in return.
Isn't that what being friends is all about? Hahaha!
Huh, I guess it's time we got our act together.
Hah, I can feel the adrenaline rushing through my veins... That Mastery Mark is mine!
Game on — show me what you're made of!
I won't let anyone ruin the reputation of Luka Strongarm!
Well look who it is! I didn't expect you two to be the first up!
Likewise. Let's see what the saviors of Belobog are capable of!
Haha, not at all! I relish a good challenge!
But don't expect me to go easy! My prized Aether Spirit is gonna crush you!
Hah, you two really live up to your names.
At this rate you'll have championship title in no time!
Well, my dream of becoming champion ends here... but I've got faith in you two. If you two clinch the title, the whole of Belobog will be singing your praises!
Our bout just now was something else!
I'm not easily discouraged though — let's go another round when you guys get the time!
Anyway, for now, just stay focused. Don't let yourselves get distracted!
Hey, {NICKNAME}, you seem pretty cool. That Stellaron hasn't affected you at all?
You're online today too?
Done everything you needed to? Good, don't want to climb into bed only to realize you forgot to finish your dailies. Bye-bye.
It's the same as my screen name. Isn't yours, {NICKNAME}?
*sigh* I wish this universe had a few more things to do. Don't you get bored running across the map every day?
Prometheus is equipped with four modules — "friend" is the most talkative... "Friends are fated — a toast to our friendship!"
Burying my head under a pillow for a siesta, and pinching cute things.
Nobody gets to open an alt account, not even Elio.
When I hacked into the space station, I thought I may as well make some changes to Screwllum's portrait... but I changed it back in the end.
My favorite games always update on the same day. Do you think it's deliberate?
Ignoring the rules is something Kafka and I have in common.
He said he'd game with me once his hand healed up, but it seems like it still isn't any better.
Doing a mission with Sam is basically: Bang, bang...! Bang! And then it's over.
Could've done it using console commands.
Gaming is a full-time pursuit.
Maxed out? Time for the endgame.
Stop worrying about the stats — have some fun!
Hey Kafka, can I go off-script this time?
...You gonna say something? Chat's enabled, y'know.
You took the bait just like that?
Might be trickier to crack.
Can you let me have some fun this time?
...I've got a raid to get to — let's finish this.
Time for a buzz.
Huh?
Bad news.
This combat needs optimizing.
Hmph, at this speed? Too slow!
I...
Nice. Rematch.
Good as new.
100% Break.
Nice, let's do it again when you're leveled up.
Is that it? *sigh* Stingy chest.
That's more like it.
Is it always the same mechanics?
Ready when you are.
Time to log off... I mean, ah, head back.
Huh, more enemies.
Wow, what an amazingly ordinary find!
Hm, not a bad time.
Hey, {NICKNAME}, you seem pretty cool. That Stellaron hasn't affected you at all?
You're online today too?
Done everything you needed to? Good, don't want to climb into bed only to realize you forgot to finish your dailies. Bye-bye.
It's the same as my screen name. Isn't yours, {NICKNAME}?
*sigh* I wish this universe had a few more things to do. Don't you get bored running across the map every day?
Prometheus is equipped with four modules — "friend" is the most talkative... "Friends are fated — a toast to our friendship!"
Burying my head under a pillow for a siesta, and pinching cute things.
Nobody gets to open an alt account, not even Elio.
When I hacked into the space station, I thought I may as well make some changes to Screwllum's portrait... but I changed it back in the end.
My favorite games always update on the same day. Do you think it's deliberate?
Ignoring the rules is something Kafka and I have in common.
He said he'd game with me once his hand healed up, but it seems like it still isn't any better.
Doing a mission with Sam is basically: Bang, bang...! Bang! And then it's over.
Could've done it using console commands.
Gaming is a full-time pursuit.
Maxed out? Time for the endgame.
Stop worrying about the stats — have some fun!
Hey Kafka, can I go off-script this time?
...You gonna say something? Chat's enabled, y'know.
You took the bait just like that?
Might be trickier to crack.
Can you let me have some fun this time?
...I've got a raid to get to — let's finish this.
Time for a buzz.
Huh?
Bad news.
This combat needs optimizing.
Hmph, at this speed? Too slow!
I...
Nice. Rematch.
Good as new.
100% Break.
Nice, let's do it again when you're leveled up.
Is that it? *sigh* Stingy chest.
That's more like it.
Is it always the same mechanics?
Ready when you are.
Time to log off... I mean, ah, head back.
Huh, more enemies.
Wow, what an amazingly ordinary find!
Hm, not a bad time.
Hey, {NICKNAME}, you seem pretty cool. That Stellaron hasn't affected you at all?
You're online today too?
Done everything you needed to? Good, don't want to climb into bed only to realize you forgot to finish your dailies. Bye-bye.
It's the same as my screen name. Isn't yours, {NICKNAME}?
*sigh* I wish this universe had a few more things to do. Don't you get bored running across the map every day?
Prometheus is equipped with four modules — "friend" is the most talkative... "Friends are fated — a toast to our friendship!"
Burying my head under a pillow for a siesta, and pinching cute things.
Nobody gets to open an alt account, not even Elio.
When I hacked into the space station, I thought I may as well make some changes to Screwllum's portrait... but I changed it back in the end.
My favorite games always update on the same day. Do you think it's deliberate?
Ignoring the rules is something Kafka and I have in common.
He said he'd game with me once his hand healed up, but it seems like it still isn't any better.
It is always me that has to make the first move... That guy never loses his cool, does he?
Could've done it using console commands.
Yeah.
She's a member of the Genius Society and an Emanator of Nous the Erudition. She can probably age backwards if she wanted.
That's pretty normal. Aren't the immortal bosses in games always waiting for the protagonist to come kill them? Immortality is not always a good thing.
Never seen the real one. Saw plenty of her portraits, though.
No idea. A Society member?
I'm not interested. Hurry up with our real business.
The one who supposedly created Nous?
Well they better be false. I don't want to be a Zandar hunter.
No idea.
Hahhhh... I told you already. I didn't know it was him...
Urgh... Seems like I'm the real Destiny's Slave here.
The Stellaron is up ahead, let's hurry.
It has its own security system... I guess even for Herta, a Stellaron is no ordinary rarity.
Of course, even the genius Herta can't compete with me when it comes to hacking.
...
Maybe you're not as important as you think.
How long do you think you need? According to the script, the {RUBY_B#Trailblazers}Astral Express crew{RUBY_E#} is arriving soon. We should avoid being seen by them.
How do you intend to pull them off the stage?
Some random coordinates, not important. You care about where that Voidranger ended up?
Just a little trick of tampering with the data of reality, I wouldn't call it fancy.
Herta's toys, a catalog featuring the space station's collection of rare items. They've got a lot of interesting gadgets.
There's this gun, it can rate any creature within its crosshair as a score from 0 to 100.
Aren't you curious about how much you would score? I kinda wanna know mine.
Go down the corridor behind the door on the left. There's a room where some kind of rare item is stored.
That's where we can find out where the Stellaron is.
Of course. You just need to make the decision.
He also said it must be you who makes it.
We're getting close to the central area of the space station, the main force of the Legion must be there.
Looks like we're the ones getting ambushed.
According to the access history, she hasn't logged in here for over six months. The evacuation was directed by the acting lead researcher — a girl named Asta.
Elio's script doesn't include any info about the location of the Stellaron, which means in the future he foresees...
This space station is packed with extraordinary objects, I wouldn't be surprised if there's one that can make it happen.
I've got all the clues we need. The only piece missing is a simple trick.
Help me investigate the terminal in this room, our item might be inside.
Even if you could, it'd be a trap. Herta doesn't display her collections.
This is the monitoring room, they must have deleted the records and made a run for it. Classic.
*sigh* Make your way over here then, there's no point in trying to search like this.
It's a matter of hacking the surveillance system directly.
Simple, crude, but effective. Look, found it.
Item number 211, "Blind Spot": A simple light-deflecting field. It allows an object in its field to pass unnoticed, but if a different item ceases to be obvious, the object gets revealed.
The simplest method is the hardest to spot, isn't that our motto?
The data suggests it's just an ordinary hologram. But it has an added layer...
Can you let me have some fun this time? Our last few operations turned out to be pretty dull.
Your fake ID info is ready...
"Hey, you, why are you staring at me?"
"First off, I'm not obsessed with it. On Punklorde, the stories of the cartridge are no different from textbooks. I'm not interested in something that everybody already knows about."
"Secondly, it's not some kind of video game cartridge. It's an Aether Cartridge — it's the second pair of eyes, second brain, and second heart of the hacker."
"Do you understand what that actually means? With that cartridge, if a guy went to a movie premiere and bought some mixed popcorn, you'd be able to know the flavor of the fourth kernel he picked out of the bucket. It's truly amazing."
"Lastly, I'm gonna say it again — I'm not obsessed with it. The reason I'm still rambling about it is to make sure that you know how amazing it really is. Do you get it now, Kafka?"
"Alright, let's get going. We have to move quickly. This place is different from the rest of the space station. We're on Genius Society turf."
"Fork in the road, huh? I got this."
"Wanna pick one first? Give your beloved instincts a try..."
"Wrong choice — the correct answer is the path on the right!"
"What? Why won't you believe me? I told you, it's the right side, the right!"
"Hmm, not what we're looking for. It's a bait signal."
"Ugh, why would Herta put something like this inside the Simulated Universe? Doesn't she find it annoying when she has to find something herself?"
"Never mind, I miscalculated. Let's try another sector."
"What the... This was the right way all along. Ugh, Herta's got some psychological tactics going on."
"Oh, back to the space station again. A riddle? Where's the skip button?"
"Finally, almost there. Ha, there's even a miniature Herta over here."
"A little narcissistic, isn't she? The whole space station is filled with her face — portraits, statues, even projections of herself."
"I was planning on adding a mustache for her but the spray didn't work — the entire space station feels like it's made of paper but her portrait is near indestructible."
"Unless she had someone to guide her there."
Hmph, you knew it all along, didn't you?
I knew it would be hard to fool you. All that talk you were spouting along the way was meant for me, wasn't it?
So, the business about shutting down the Universe and the argument with Herta was all just an act? You did all that to lure me in?
Hmph.
Everything? No, no, you're wrong about the most important part.
You think I came here out of desperation, but I've been bursting with excitement this whole time. Do you know how happy I was when you showed up, Screwllum?
I haven't had the thrill of a formidable opponent in such a long time... The Legion is nothing but a bunch of cavemen, and the IPC were a disappointment. Only the Society has the talent to provide me with a fun challenge.
Reality is nothing but a game... but what's the point of a game if it can't make you happy? An invitation letter and a challenge letter were sent to me from two geniuses. How could I not accept them? Would you have turned them down?
That's right, and I'm bringing this with me.
Why else would I entertain so much small talk? You're not the only one stalling for time. I'm guessing that Herta is hiding in a corner somewhere trying to pull off a reverse hack from where I hacked in. You, on the other hand, are responsible for taking me head-on, just as you did last time.
And I'm looking forward to it! How do you plan on stopping me this time? Are you going to turn the Simulated Universe into a black box? Or are you going to work with the IPC and put together a cross-galactic encirclement? Screwllum, will I be able to see your true strength this time?
The long-awaited result will finally be determined. There will only be one victor today. Please... let me have some fun this time, okay?
Huh?
Leave? But... why? Aren't you trying to catch me? Don't you want to cuff me and exile me on some distant planet?
I'm gonna leave with this cartridge then.
What if I attack the space station again?
Then... What if I were to destroy the Simulated Universe right now?
What is the point of this then? You guys went out of your way to put together this trap but don't plan on doing anything at all?
How boring!
What!? Hey, hold on a minute!
It's gone, it's all gone! They seriously left nothing behind... They went too far this time... too far!
I am not throwing a tantrum.
*sigh* If it were just one or two accounts, sure... I kind of overdid it this time — I lost basically everything. A branch office probably won't be enough. I'm gonna have to make a trip to Pier Point.
Yup, just me... Why? Do you want to come with?
Oh, right. That story doesn't sound like it fits me. You guys have fun.
Don't worry, I've already got an idea. You see that cloud diner just two kilometers from here? A few temps from the Building Material Logistics Department just stepped in. I'm gonna go and become their "friend."
I told you, I'm not obsessed with it... Besides...
There's fun to be had along the way!
"A game is a game and that's all there is to it!"
Hello.
What do you mean what am I doing? Everyone else is here, can't I be too?
What's wrong with you? You look like you just got shocked by an electric snail.
A strong sense of awareness for your companions — I like that.
A strong sense of awareness for your companions — I like that.
Relax, I'm just dropping by for a visit. I was hacking through the dark regions of the Interastral Network a while ago and happened to see a signal from the Astral Express, so I thought I'd stop by to check it out.
What you see in front of you is a hologram, just as harmless as the whale holograms you see floating around the Express. Here, see for yourself...
Seeing is believing, right? If you're still not convinced, you can cut off the network connection on the Express and I'll disappear into thin air — until you turn it back on, of course.
What you see in front of you is just a hologram, harmless as a puff of air. You don't need another demonstration, do you?
Want to play a game? I'm pretty good at board games, you know.
Oh yeah, holograms can't move board game pieces... The Nameless must really be a nostalgic group to be using physical board games in this modern age.
Oh, I have plenty to do. As I chat here with you on the Express, I'm also playing multiple games at once on three different screens, probing around for info about nomadic miners, and running some side-hustles for extra cash.
You all have so much space here on the Express, and not so much as a single arcade machine to show for it. How do you pass the time? Reading? Photography? Sipping coffee? Running around everywhere helping people as a hobby?
Why don't you call over some friends, and I'll teach you how to play Thirteen Star-Steps - I'm good at party games too, you know.
You all have so much space here on the Express, and not so much as a single arcade machine to show for it. How do you pass the time? Reading? Photography? Sipping coffee? Running around everywhere helping people as a hobby?
Why don't you call over some friends, and I'll teach you how to play Thirteen Star-Steps - I'm good at party games too, you know.
Interesting. The facilities on the Express are quite extensive: With a reception room, a lounge, and a private coach for each passenger, it's no wonder the Nameless are able to call the four corners of the galaxy their home.
You're a new passenger yourself, aren't you?
I'm afraid that won't be feasible — I'm still busy playing the Stellaron Hunters' game at the moment. First come first serve, after all.
I cannot comment on such matters, or I will be reprimanded by Kafka.
Before I left Punklorde, I also dreamed of joining the Nameless and hopping on the Express to travel between worlds — beyond the village of newbies back home, a vast and endless adventure awaited me.
Of course, I could have also joined the IPC, the Galaxy Rangers, or even the Annihilation Gang. Whatever road takes me across the galaxy is the one I'm willing to travel on.
But in the end, it was the Stellaron Hunters who found me first — or rather, it was I who found them. In Elio's words, this is called destiny.
Before I left Punklorde, I also dreamed of joining the Nameless and hopping on the Express to travel between worlds — beyond the village of newbies back home, a vast and endless adventure awaited me.
Of course, I could have also joined the IPC, the Galaxy Rangers, or even the Annihilation Gang. Whatever road takes me across the galaxy is the one I'm willing to travel on.
But in the end, it was the Stellaron Hunters who found me first — or rather, it was I who found them. In Elio's words, this is called destiny.
Who are you calling an intruder? Oh, me...
I mean no harm — I'm just visiting.
The older gentleman with glasses was also giving me some very subtle looks. Has there been a misunderstanding of some kind?
Do you always tell people ahead of time before you pay them a visit?
I see, it's just a cultural difference. Punklorde doesn't have this custom, and the Stellaron Hunters don't generally observe this kind of tradition either.
Isn't it often the case in movies that a guy comes home and turns on the lights, only to find someone sitting on the sofa waiting for him? Kafka and Blade both like to do that, and Sam won't even give the guy a chance to turn on the lights.
But that's not my style. I will take the initiative to say hello before the other person enters the room. You see, I'm treating you quite well.
No need to worry — I will always take the initiative to greet you when I come to visit.
Ooh, drats, what a drag... should have known to turn off the gravity simulator...
I've grown so accustomed to network roaming that normal transportation feels weird now.
Who's there!?
Ah, it's you... you saw that?
No, no, I'm just messing with you because I'm bored. Motion sickness? Me? Don't be absurd. Don't forget—
—standing in front of you is just a hologram. The real me is now lying in a cozy ice bath, far, far away from the Astral Express.
Shh — wait a minute, I'm busy.
Got it!
Oh yeah, you can't see the screen. Let me explain: I was just pulling for a gacha capsule — you know, the kind you can get in games.
As for the result, I got a five-star prize in one go — the top prize.
You simply don't understand. In games, skill is one thing, luck is another — if you want to win all the time, you need to have both.
The former can be acquired through practice, but the latter depends on talent. The flow of luck in the Parlor Car is very favorable today. The best strategy is to pull for the desired target after confirming and canceling three times in a row.
Let's be clear about one thing first — this is just my intuition. It may not work for you, and I am not responsible for any sub-optimal results.
Anyway, have a happy day! Here's a little gift for you. I hope everything works out as well for you as it has for me.
Stand at the edge of the board, at a point equidistant from the seats on either side, facing the viewing window opposite the aisle. Align your eyes with the void song whales hologram near the ceiling and open the interface. Then pull for the prize after confirming and canceling three times in a row. This is the best strategy for obtaining the desired prize.
Let's be clear about one thing first — this is just my intuition. It may not work for you, and I am not responsible for any sub-optimal results.
That mask-guy, he's gone now, right?
You've got me pretty figured out. Who knows, we might just have more in common than you expect.
...Please don't bring her up. I'm sure she's pretty pleased with herself after our last encounter.
Seriously... do I really have to make a formal statement or something? I'm here for the game, nothing more.
Honestly, though... I wonder what that mask-guy is up to?
Of course not... but it's hard to tell what he's thinking. What if he's trying to set a trap to lure me into the IPC's hands and watch me make a fool of myself?
Eh, who knows? He could be trying to lure me into the IPC's hands, just so he can watch me make a fool of myself.
I mean... you never know what kind of crazy stunt a {RUBY_B#Follower of the Elation}Masked Fool{RUBY_E#} might pull for the sake of having "fun."
Look, when you're dealing with someone wearing a mask, you gotta keep your wits about you. Common sense.
Not necessarily, but when you're dealing with someone wearing a mask, you gotta keep your wits about you. Common sense.
Who hasn't heard about the Masked Tycoon of Epsilon? He's probably the flashiest Masked Fool in the universe — it'd be weird if I hadn't heard of him.
Anyway, he doesn't interest me in the slightest. I'm not gonna waste my precious time digging up info on him.
I made a few sneaky modifications to her surveillance terminal. Whenever I show up here as a hologram, she won't be able to see me on the camera feed. Cool, right?
Hmph, is that it? Can't the Gaming Association come up with any real challenges?
Looks like I've got plenty of time. Guess I'll go grind some levels for a bit. See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya.
Hmph, as if she'd waste time on a small fry like me.
Just give up already. You've got no chance.
Didn't see that coming...
...
...I have to admit, you guys are stronger than I expected.
Tsk, don't get ahead of yourself!
...But I gotta give credit where it's due, nice work.
I gotta be honest, I haven't been pushed that hard in ages...
I hate to admit it, but you two have some serious skills.
Tsk, no need to act surprised, alright? I could've "bent" the rules if I wanted to, but then what fun would that be?
Time to head back to the prep zone, you've got another duel waiting for you, remember?
As you can see, due to certain reasons... I couldn't be here in person. Looks like I'm attending the rest of the tournament as a hologram.
We're not the best of friends, that's no secret, but for the sake of the event, how about we pause the drama? I'd rather soak in the atmosphere and enjoy myself.
When it comes to gaming, things like race, lineage, allegiance, destiny, beliefs... they're all insignificant. It's good to remember that.
Yeah.
She's a member of the Genius Society and an Emanator of Nous the Erudition. She can probably age backwards if she wanted.
That's pretty normal. Aren't the immortal bosses in games always waiting for the protagonist to come kill them? Immortality is not always a good thing.
Welcome to Herta Space Station. Here, you can savor the bounty of the ocean of knowledge. Please also beware of the risk of drowning.
Who knows what's in the brains of those following the Erudition?
Ahem, can you hear me? Astral Express, it's been a while. How's Penacony?
I'll get straight to the point. I know you've all been investigating the abnormal phenomenon surrounding Penacony. Or rather, we are pleased to see that you've been doing that — because the deeper you delve, the closer you'll get to uncovering truth about this so-called "beautiful" dream.
The Family is obviously hiding something, right? Well we've nabbed some valuable information, and out of the goodness of my heart I've decided to share it with all of you. Although, it unfortunately means your idyllic break in paradise is nearing its end.
Enter this string of code into your Dreampool — the device you use to dream with — and dive into the hidden map for a look! The coordinates have been sent to you. You just have to copy them over.
Also, I take it you've already heard about Sam. You should look forward to the meeting. He's a straight shooter who values a fair fight. I think you'll *get along* with him just fine. Don't be overwhelmed by his enthusiasm!
Oh, he had me relay a message to you: The curtains have just risen over the dream that can't be reached. The various factions have started to move. I wish you luck! Don't fall behind, Nameless!
23:47:15 system time. Very punctual, Kafka.
Uh-huh — "23:44:59 system time: The pulses from the explosion cause a massive breakdown from the master control system."
No, the Antimatter Legion did it. They completely invaded the space station two system hours ago.
I dunno. Elio didn't say anything about it, so it doesn't matter.
Copy. Can you let me have some fun this time? Our last few operations turned out to be pretty dull.
Not really. But the Legion's invasion paralyzed the master control system for a few minutes, which was a big help.
...No, it isn't. There's a sequel to this mission... You didn't read the script?
Like what?
I could only attract this much. Did you really want the entire Legion to come here?
Relax. A Doomsday Beast is also here.
...
...
Your fake ID info is ready, just go to the console like you own it.
My name is Ruan Mei. When saying my name, please don't run the syllables together.
Want some pastry? The plums used in this recipe are freshly macerated — I waited in line for ages.
If you come across a good research sample, please let me know. Until then.
After catching the attention of Nous, I left my hometown and began my research on the origin of life in a secret corner of the universe... please don't ask where.
In the grand fabric of life, both parents are equal, and thus my name combines the surnames of each of my parents.
You don't have to listen hard to hear the gossip coming from the Genius Society — Mad Scientist. I'll take it as a compliment.
As one with a sensitive palate, I only need one small bite to judge the taste of a pastry. I favor seasonal ingredients such as fresh fruits, flowers, and herbs. Pristine slices of life preserved inside a pastry — these provide the best dopamine response food has to offer.
I've never been able to really get into modern music, but I find opera enchanting. Time passes like a river whenever I listen to the strings and voices in an opera performance.
The redundancy of words and the restrictions of verbal communication make for a lot of empty noise. It makes me sad...
The feel of embroidery is similar to that of growing a culture in the laboratory — fine control of the wrist, just the right angle, and total commitment.
We may accelerate or postpone the arrival of death, but life will always wither. Though we will one day all be reduced to particles, we can still reach new heights.
Humans overestimate the infallibility of logic, and in clinging to reason can become slaves to their emotions. Science is born from fanaticism — it is a gift.
Some may find her personality unbearable — I can understand the sentiment, but I simply don't care. Of course, Herta knows this too, so I accepted her invitation.
Screwllum and I have very different understandings of life, but I don't think he realizes it. Fortunately, our communication is limited to matters related to the Simulated Universe.
Put a watermelon parfait in Herta's office and Stephen is sure to show up. Remember, the pumpkin ones will never attract him — those are for warding him off.
Can life's past moments truly be restored to what they once were?
Research is progressing at astronomical speeds.
Unfortunately, the mystery of the Aeons remains unsolved.
Every breath one takes is a perception of the self.
 It's you again, {NICKNAME}. As always, there's a reward for good behavior.
 It's you again, {NICKNAME}. As always, there's a reward for good behavior.
If this were the Simulated Universe, I'd be at your mercy — but this is real life.
A picture of grace and elegance.
What do we have here?
You hold some academic value, I suppose...
Waiting means change.
You'll do.
Eternal melody.
Enjoying yourself?
Stay away.
Every petal in life's garden...
Will be swept away... by the wind of time.
Still... unanswered...
Let's continue.
So, this is the warmth of life...
Sound lingers.
Life... a true marvel.
A few decorative designs wouldn't go amiss.
Oh? Better than expected...
They call this a puzzle?
Hmm? I wonder what that is?
Take a rest, it's time for tea and cakes.
There's more to life than drawing breath.
Pay attention.
All things are as one.
This might be of some use.
A simple solution — that's all it takes.
My name is Ruan Mei. When saying my name, please don't run the syllables together.
Want some pastry? The plums used in this recipe are freshly macerated — I waited in line for ages.
If you come across a good research sample, please let me know. Until then.
After catching the attention of Nous, I left my hometown and began my research on the origin of life in a secret corner of the universe... please don't ask where.
In the grand fabric of life, both parents are equal, and thus my name combines the surnames of each of my parents.
You don't have to listen hard to hear the gossip coming from the Genius Society — Mad Scientist. I'll take it as a compliment.
As one with a sensitive palate, I only need one small bite to judge the taste of a pastry. I favor seasonal ingredients such as fresh fruits, flowers, and herbs. Pristine slices of life preserved inside a pastry — these provide the best dopamine response food has to offer.
I've never been able to really get into modern music, but I find opera enchanting. Time passes like a river whenever I listen to the strings and voices in an opera performance.
The redundancy of words and the restrictions of verbal communication make for a lot of empty noise. It makes me sad...
The feel of embroidery is similar to that of growing a culture in the laboratory — fine control of the wrist, just the right angle, and total commitment.
We may accelerate or postpone the arrival of death, but life will always wither. Though we will one day all be reduced to particles, we can still reach new heights.
Humans overestimate the infallibility of logic, and in clinging to reason can become slaves to their emotions. Science is born from fanaticism — it is a gift.
Some may find her personality unbearable — I can understand the sentiment, but I simply don't care. Of course, Herta knows this too, so I accepted her invitation.
Screwllum and I have very different understandings of life, but I don't think he realizes it. Fortunately, our communication is limited to matters related to the Simulated Universe.
Put a watermelon parfait in Herta's office and Stephen is sure to show up. Remember, the pumpkin ones will never attract him — those are for warding him off.
Can life's past moments truly be restored to what they once were?
Research is progressing at astronomical speeds.
Unfortunately, the mystery of the Aeons remains unsolved.
Every breath one takes is a perception of the self.
 It's you again, {NICKNAME}. As always, there's a reward for good behavior.
 It's you again, {NICKNAME}. As always, there's a reward for good behavior.
If this were the Simulated Universe, I'd be at your mercy — but this is real life.
A picture of grace and elegance.
What do we have here?
You hold some academic value, I suppose...
Waiting means change.
You'll do.
Eternal melody.
Enjoying yourself?
Stay away.
Every petal in life's garden...
Will be swept away... by the wind of time.
Still... unanswered...
Let's continue.
So, this is the warmth of life...
Sound lingers.
Life... a true marvel.
A few decorative designs wouldn't go amiss.
Oh? Better than expected...
They call this a puzzle?
Hmm? I wonder what that is?
Take a rest, it's time for tea and cakes.
There's more to life than drawing breath.
Pay attention.
All things are as one.
This might be of some use.
A simple solution — that's all it takes.
My name is Ruan Mei. When saying my name, please don't run the syllables together.
Want some pastry? The plums used in this recipe are freshly macerated — I waited in line for ages.
If you come across a good research sample, please let me know. Until then.
After catching the attention of Nous, I left my hometown and began my research on the origin of life in a secret corner of the universe... please don't ask where.
In the grand fabric of life, both parents are equal, and thus my name combines the surnames of each of my parents.
You don't have to listen hard to hear the gossip coming from the Genius Society — Mad Scientist. I'll take it as a compliment.
As one with a sensitive palate, I only need one small bite to judge the taste of a pastry. I favor seasonal ingredients such as fresh fruits, flowers, and herbs. Pristine slices of life preserved inside a pastry — these provide the best dopamine response food has to offer.
I've never been able to really get into modern music, but I find opera enchanting. Time passes like a river whenever I listen to the strings and voices in an opera performance.
The redundancy of words and the restrictions of verbal communication make for a lot of empty noise. It makes me sad...
The feel of embroidery is similar to that of growing a culture in the laboratory — fine control of the wrist, just the right angle, and total commitment.
We may accelerate or postpone the arrival of death, but life will always wither. Though we will one day all be reduced to particles, we can still reach new heights.
Humans overestimate the infallibility of logic, and in clinging to reason can become slaves to their emotions. Science is born from fanaticism — it is a gift.
Some may find her personality unbearable — I can understand the sentiment, but I simply don't care. Of course, Herta knows this too, so I accepted her invitation.
Screwllum and I have very different understandings of life, but I don't think he realizes it. Fortunately, our communication is limited to matters related to the Simulated Universe.
Put a watermelon parfait in Herta's office and Stephen is sure to show up. Remember, the pumpkin ones will never attract him — those are for warding him off.
As the masses depart, there's an enveloping calm here... just like the "No Man's Land" I ventured to in the past.
Yes. My mother and I once spent 11 long polar nights there.
Hello. I hope I didn't startle you.
This is a work habit of mine — using touch to open my senses and letting the details of your biological existence flood into my brain helps me understand your construction as a living organism.
Such is the basis of deconstruction and reconstruction. Do not be concerned. You are very healthy — in fact, impeccably so. A perfect experimental specimen. I like perfect experimental specimens.
Yes, I'm happy to meet you too. We've met before in the Simulated Universe.
Oh? Really?
I expect the views here had me lost in thought...
I don't usually go in and out of the space station, and only discovered today that it was blessed with such calm, open views. It is a wonderful fit for the sweet fragrance of lotus leaves, plum blossom, sticky rice, and frosting sugar.
Come here. Look, the blue planet is directly below us. It is so full of life. This dessert is very delicious. Here, take half.
You don't like it? I worked very hard on it. You should at least have a try.
Delicious desserts remind people of how flowers look when they bloom. Ingest this dessert one bite at a time, and the sweetness will linger in your mouth.
I hope you like it too.
So, what do you think? I can certainly prepare more for you. It's become somewhat of a tradition to bring strawberry pastries when I visit Stephen Lloyd. His attendance seems quite dependent on them.
Mmm, an outstanding dessert. Ten grams of cubed sugar, one dried and salt-preserved plum blossom. Baking and cooking are the same as nurturing a universe. The heat must be controlled, planning must be meticulous, and one must not panic... no matter what happens.
Unfortunately, there are still too many people in the space station. The clamor is not fitting for desserts. By the way...
I see. What a cute hobby.
But remember, the next time something like this happens it's crucial to mask your expression until you've ascertained the situation. If not...
...you'll be full of weaknesses that others can see through.
You have quite the appetite. Alright, I'll give you the recipe.
Come and have a walk with me. A stroll is the most appropriate post-dessert activity.
My apologies, it appears my words have left you perplexed. Please, don't be on edge — I bear no ill will. I haven't interfered with your linguistic faculties — such an act would be impolite... I merely made a minor adjustment.
A few days ago, I made my interest in you known to Herta. My intention is for you to serve as an "assistant." Based on our interactions within the Simulated Universe, I firmly believe you fit the bill.
I find extending trust beyond myself is challenging. A single error in detailed research can generate issues, and I despise matters that escape my control.
Therefore, I added Anti-Truth Serum to this dessert. It will not harm you. However, you will be unable to say what you truly think when answering questions related to me.
Treat it as a layer of protection. This will shield my research and your personal safety. Once the problems have been dealt with, I'll give you the antidote.
I can also reward you as compensation for being my assistant. I will fulfill your every wish.
Yes... problems wrought by my own hand.
Does that bother you? I believe we will be able to be frank with each other, but that needs time.
Then I'll grant you even greater rewards.
When I first arrived on the space station, I borrowed the Phase Flame from Herta — it's an invention of member #29 Sserkal. I hoped to be enlightened by other Society members' results.
A surge of creativity led me to explore the cultivation of life on the space station.
In my imagination, these lifeforms would be a new variety that are born as geniuses. I planned to name them after Lambda, member #8 of the Genius Society...
I don't know where it went wrong. They possess their own sentience, but are nowhere near geniuses.
Moreover, my "free-range" approach seems to have backfired. In a lab leak incident a few days ago, some of these "little lifeforms" ran away and scattered all over the space station.
I do not wish for Herta or Asta to be involved in this. Therefore... I'm hoping you can assist in recovering these little lifeforms.
I do trust you.
This has nothing to do with them. Besides, the more people involved, the more problems there will be.
The researchers are still treating these entities as visitors... I want to steer clear of making my presence known, so as not to cause undue disturbances.
I entrust this to you. Once the little lifeforms are collected, simply find a proper place for them. The researchers in the Department of Ecology should know about this and provide you with suitable advice.
Herta called Screwllum and I to the space station to discuss some important topics. She also sent an invite to Stephen, but he didn't reply and Herta didn't seem to want to wait any longer.
And now... I wish for you to attend this meeting with me.
I don't want Herta to worry herself over these frivolous matters, even though she probably wouldn't care anyway.
Just in case, I want someone who will be on my side — in other words, you.
Help me — it'll be easy. Just remember: My secret stays with you. Don't pry too much, and keep your expressions in check.
Alright, let's go.
Alright. There's no rush.
...You wish to kick Stephen out?
What if the responder is Polka Kakamond?
Alright, let me walk you out.
Seems like a programming error.
It's probably an isolated glitch.
Thankfully, it was just a minor scare. Still, meetings give me such a headache... It seems I'll have to stay put for a while.
I see that you've recovered the lifeform in the master control zone. Thank you, well done.
I was simply being overly cautious. It is a habit of mine. Apologies.
No. You misunderstand. While Herta is tied up in meetings, you might find it more convenient to roam the space station.
There are some things that I must tell you now. If I wait for the meeting to finish... then it might be too late.
The retrieval of my lifeforms isn't complete yet. There's more than just one, and some are stored in a sealed zone.
Herta uses that place to welcome visitors from across the stars, or to welcome members of the Genius Society. However, due to the Legion's invasion, it is no longer open to the public.
And now my "headache" is stored there.
There's much you don't know about the space station, and even more about Herta.
But there is some information I can give you. That place is also used to welcome non-humanoid visitors and has a shuttle that connects to outer space.
She gave me permission and said no more.
I'm giving you my access card. Give me your hand, and I'll input your fingerprint into it.
Remember, there is a giant... incubator... in the middle of the zone. That's where my "headache" is stored.
Once you're back, come find me on the railway platform. Then you'll understand everything.
The final days that Genius Society member #23, Acha, spent in the Mechanical City showed me that even the longest of lives, such as hers, have a limit.
I'm now certain that the outcome of this cultivation is: failure.
Life can exist in thousands of different forms, which means the form itself has no purpose.
These lifeforms are very advanced in their own concepts, and can even trigger chain reactions such as synesthesia... but that is not what I desire.
I am starting to feel lost. Perhaps the question "what is the essence of life" never had an answer? Member #1, Zandar, have you ever felt this lost... or resigned?
Life is countless and varied in form. I firmly believe in that. Its beauty is like a myriad of flowers, and I want to pluck the one that never wilts.
The patterns of all things always have complicated and enchanting exteriors, while their inner essences remain simple and plain. If we were to trace things back to their roots, just one equation would be enough to solve the confusion of all life.
Ever since I was a child, I have always delighted in observing aspects of microscopic creatures... such as the speed with which slime molds devour objects. I have also gazed far and wide across the macroscopic world, investigating the progress of the universe up to this day — it was all very simple.
I wish to discover "the true essence of life," something that all individuals possess unknowingly, whether it is the materialism of their existence or an unknown entity beyond corporeal realms.
To avoid blind faith in science, I cautiously raised a query... Would Ruan Mei be able to peel away external influences? Just like pinpointing a coordinate, would she be able to uncover life's most primordial and beautiful form of existence...?
I thought of one "lifeform" that would truly lie beyond my reach, and that is...
I thought of one lifeform that would truly lie beyond my reach.
And that is... an Emanator.
I cannot comprehend what an Emanator is.
Scholars view them as the executors of the Aeons' power. So, when did it begin, and at what point did they become closer to the "Aeons" than any other lifeform?
At first, I tried to create a genius. I failed. That question has no solution yet, and a long journey of discovery still lies ahead.
However, Erudition isn't the only Path in the Universe. If we set logic aside, would there be more primitive and pure "Emanators" on other Paths?
Of course there would be.
Tayzzyronth. I was able to see the beginning and end of The Swarm Disaster through the Simulated Universe, obtain data on the Imperator Insectorum and their descendants, replicate them, nurture them, and create a brand-new scientific discipline.
It is a logical decision. I will certainly succeed. The entity that I reconstruct will bloom into a life never before seen.
Will Herta and Screwllum like this experiment? Most likely not. Therefore, before they realize what I am doing...
...I must hurry my work, as well as find a fitting "assistant."
The meeting of geniuses is over. As for the future of the Simulated Universe... That conclusion isn't important. What's important is your task.
You look... upset, correct? I regret my actions. There's no defending what I've done. Time and again, my experiments have fallen short, and they've always yielded predictable results.
I made a clone, but it... doesn't hold a candle to the Emanator.
Exactly as predicted: 56 seconds, on the dot.
How should I have explained it to you? I'm not good at communicating with others...
Restrained by time and place, its code of life could only be considered an incomplete attempt. I managed to replicate the moment it was born, however, it would soon disappear and be reduced to particles.
Like every living being, it inevitably faced its demise as it journeyed towards the end — I find no fault in that.
However, even the briefest life should have meaning. I want to know the limits of its capacity. It will indicate how far I've gone in a field completely incomprehensible to me.
Haha, and it was "a minuscule step" — just as I had predicted.
I did say that if a danger proved too great for you, I would personally step in to confront it.
Indeed, this is how I keep the distractions at bay. I have to admit that research once made me obsessive — that wasn't a good period in my life, though I now navigate it much more smoothly.
I do not have a life outside of research. People always think this price is unimaginable, but it seems rather acceptable to me.
I must admit, I'm not fond of scenarios where everything aligns perfectly with my expectations. An experiment should have its unforeseen twists.
That's where the joy lies. Even the most predictable storylines can have their pleasant surprises.
There is no need to tell me your answer. I just... felt like asking the question. How should I take care of them? Perhaps leaving them at the space station is the best choice.
Do I seem irresponsible? I'm sorry. I am often at a loss as to how to face my own creations.
The effects of the Anti-Truth Serum will also wear off. If others mention me to you in the future, you can answer however you like, or even pretend you never knew me.
After all, your memory of me will soon dissipate like smoke.
Over time, hidden truths tend to surface. Past traumas, which I'd rather leave behind, have made me skeptical about trusting anyone but myself.
If I do not want a secret revealed, the most foolproof way is to destroy it. The Anti-Truth Serum will make you forget the brief period we spent together.
It won't take effect immediately. It is a slow, intangible process — like the sweet fragrance of lotus leaves, plum blossom, sticky rice, and frosting sugar.
Perhaps you will remember someone performed selfish experiments on the space station, but you will no longer remember their identity. Perhaps we will meet again someday, but you won't be able to connect me with the recollection.
That way, the connection between lifeforms will be erased. Friendships, secrets, grudges, lies, all will disappear.
It will make our lives... more relaxing.
Thank you.
I believe you.
Screwllum will stay on the space station for a while longer. He and Herta still have problems they need to solve. As for me, I'm leaving soon and won't bother with goodbyes.
Do you still remember the "No Man's Land" I mentioned? I'm considering a solo trip back there during my research downtime, just to see how things are.
I miss member #55, Yu Qingtu sometimes. She used to always make something delicious for me to drink every time we parted ways.
I hope I won't meet member #4 Polka Kakamond. That would be quite troublesome.
If fate allows and you're interested, upon our next meeting, we could journey to No Man's Land and traverse its tranquil glaciers...
...though I suppose it wouldn't be No Man's Land anymore... What a conundrum.
As the masses depart, there's an enveloping calm here, just like in the "No Man's Land" I've ventured to in the past.
From there, you can glimpse the stars that lie at the very edge of the horizon.
Following its celestial trajectory, the great teal star illuminates an endless sea of white across both the sky and land.
My mother and I navigated calm glaciers looking for signs of life on that world... and encountered many bizarre phenomena.
It was like finding the single correct piece in a mountain of jigsaw pieces. The process was convoluted and unimaginably difficult, but it was touching and enthralling as well.
From then on, whenever I come across a familiar scene, I find myself pausing to take it all in.
It appears I was overthinking things. Impulsive behavior is pretty characteristic of her after all.
I have to admit that these little ones born in the process... sometimes move me.
I see a human-like response in them. It is a concept completely opposite to that of divinity — they have emotions.
Emotions may be either positive or negative. However, the love rooted in the depths of their heart is eternal and unchanging.
They are still a long way from becoming geniuses and are therefore unable to discern whether this love is one of friendship, romance, or familial love.
That being said, can even geniuses tell the difference? I cannot, at least... I do not understand what "love" is and cannot respond to their feelings.
The kindling for the Phase Flame is fascinating. Unfortunately, before the research could be completed, it vanished. I've initiated new attempts.
The growth status of the two samples this time is promising. I incorporated personal taste preferences into the concept, but, I'm uncertain of the outcome of such an action.
They simultaneously possess two sets of emotional traits. They are at once cute, weak, sentimental, and sensitive... yet are also fierce, instigating, demanding, and confident.
Interestingly, they also possess a kind of inclination — a yearning for their creator. It manifests as a natural, inherent emotion — similar to that of a baby towards its mother... Life towards sustenance, or the peculiar bond between humans.
Isn't it wonderful? Through these windows you can lose yourself in the peaceful starry sky.
Is that so? I can relate. Trailblazing across the vast unknown must be quite the experience.
I once hoped to capture a slice of space and dissect it, to truly understand the core essence of our galaxies and planets.
I imagine a slice of clarity, ethereal in its transparency.
Picture a sliver made up of beautiful dust, gases, and tiny specks, twirling around your finger like a captivating plum-colored mist.
It reminds me of a ring. I imagine crafting it, and then adding a bracelet of beads to complement its soft, lustrous glow.
Thank you. I hope there are new discoveries to be made each time I visit.
Picture a sliver made up of beautiful dust, gases, and tiny specks, twirling around your finger like a captivating plum-colored mist.
It's a tad embarrassing, but I managed to prick my finger while embroidering just now.
At times, my eagerness gets the better of me. To truly capture the grace of the birds and flowers in the embroidery, one must be patient and adjust one's breathing.
The cool touch has alleviated some of the discomfort. It feels a bit better now.
Such colorful embroidery — it feels even more expressive than a painting.
Hmm... Everyone's talking about this "seawater magma" flavored snack — it's becoming all the rage on quite a few planets. I've heard they extract seawater and combine it with magma from the mountains.
The taste is pleasant, but I personally have a soft spot for pastries that showcase more... organic flavors.
Speaking of which, I heard it's become quite common to photograph these delicacies and upload them to social media... and that doing so can even earn you sample treats from different purveyors.
However, I must admit... I'm not really skilled in that area. Do you have any advice?
Oh, is that all? Sounds great, I'll give it a go sometime.
That pose would present... difficulties for me, but thank you for the suggestion.
I wonder if you'd be interested in seawater magma flavored pastries...
Should you take a liking to them, I'll make sure to prepare more next time.
I wonder if you'd be interested in seawater magma flavored pastries...
Should you take a liking to them, I'll make sure to prepare more next time.
I imagine the flowers on the Express wither quite quickly once their vibrancy fades...
I'm researching a cultivation technique to preserve flowers forever... not by turning them into dried flowers, but by allowing water and life to perpetually flow within their stems...
...however, I'm concerned that making the ephemeral "permanent" might strip flowers of their fleeting beauty... Would a rose by any other name smell as sweet?
I shan't discount it. There are countless ways to immortalize the most dazzling moments of a flower's life.
But, what remains most unforgettable... is the profound sensation of watching a flower fade away and the heartache that accompanies it.
Without its inevitable departure, the charm of spring would diminish.
I'm curious about the Express' trajectory. Will it pass by the place I call home?
With its pristine waters, my homeland is like a tapestry of wonders. My father was a sculptor, but it was my mother's passion for research that I shared. Upon her passing, I held onto a piece of her brain tissue, as per her wishes.
However, after being chosen by Nous, I departed my home to delve into my research... Come to think of it, it's been quite some time since I last visited my father.
When I get a moment's respite, I ought to make a trip home to check on my father.
Perhaps I'll wait until I make further breakthroughs in my research on the Aeons.
I can't explain it, but for some reason, the dynamics among the Express Crew often remind me of my relationship with Herta, Screwllum, and Stephen.
Still, in reality, we're nowhere near as close as you... Hmm, perhaps I'm drawing connections where there aren't any.
I might not refer to them as friends — once the Simulated Universe project is over, chances are we'll part ways... but I'm grateful to Herta for always granting me some leeway on the space station.
As for Screwllum... he's a good-hearted noble. It's just that his area of interest doesn't quite align with my research goals.
Stephen is a kind-hearted boy, always making one feel compelled to look out for him.
Who knows when the Genius Society will have its next get-together.
Who knows when the Genius Society will have its next get-together.
Perhaps I'll encounter new friends in the meantime, but I'm not sure... I sometimes wonder whether I'm able to get along well with others.
Spending time with Herta, Screwllum, and Stephen is enough to wear one out.
Will the Express pass by... my home?
The Crew and... the Genius Society?
Hello, {NICKNAME}. I'm Arlan, I head up the Security Department on Herta Space Station. I'll be in charge of your safety during your time here.
Seed Isle's latest flavors of dried earthworm hit the shelves today — we should head over before the queue starts. The early bird catches the... anyway.
You should have some mixed vegetable juice before bed — it helps you sleep. Well, I'm on night duty tonight. See you tomorrow.
We've held the Space Station Peppy-Finding Contest nine times so far, and I've... I've won it nine times in a row.
I try to be inconspicuous when I'm on patrol. That way, I can avoid disturbing the researchers while they work and observe their utmost concentration.
You should keep your sword sharp at all times.
Oh, man! The phone case shipping location is too far from the space station — you have to buy 5000 units for them to deliver... Wait, please don't tell Lady Asta that.
There are some sword fragments housed here on the space station, but I can't find them in the pictographic index... They must be pretty special.
I heard the researchers say that there are some curios that actively requested to come to the space station.
*sigh* ...I don't know why, but it seems like I manage to annoy Lady Asta fairly regularly.
I'm different from the researchers — I'm not what you'd call a "follower" of Madam Herta — but she still lets me work here.
I've found a home to protect.
I can't afford to be complacent.
The fruits of my training. I'll keep it up.
You can learn new things by going back to the basics.
Combat is an unavoidable risk, but be careful.
You should leave the fighting to me, Lady Asta.
Madam Herta! A—Awaiting your orders!
Your number is up.
Nothing can stop me.
Fight to win.
We have to go on the offensive.
As you wish.
Hmm?
Barely felt it.
Is that all you got?
Let me pay you back — tenfold!
I can't protect you anymore...
You can't fight from the grave.
I'm fine... thank you.
You're in the way.
Even a little strength comes in useful.
You keep it.
Did we get it all?
That'll do it.
Look up ahead.
If there's no danger here, then I'm needed elsewhere.
Haven't learned your lesson?
Be silent.
I think I've seen these in our inventory...
Just like my days at the Security Department.
Hello, {NICKNAME}. I'm Arlan, I head up the Security Department on Herta Space Station. I'll be in charge of your safety during your time here.
Seed Isle's latest flavors of dried earthworm hit the shelves today — we should head over before the queue starts. The early bird catches the... anyway.
You should have some mixed vegetable juice before bed — it helps you sleep. Well, I'm on night duty tonight. See you tomorrow.
We've held the Space Station Peppy-Finding Contest nine times so far, and I've... I've won it nine times in a row.
I try to be inconspicuous when I'm on patrol. That way, I can avoid disturbing the researchers while they work and observe their utmost concentration.
You should keep your sword sharp at all times.
Oh, man! The phone case shipping location is too far from the space station — you have to buy 5000 units for them to deliver... Wait, please don't tell Lady Asta that.
There are some sword fragments housed here on the space station, but I can't find them in the pictographic index... They must be pretty special.
I heard the researchers say that there are some curios that actively requested to come to the space station.
*sigh* ...I don't know why, but it seems like I manage to annoy Lady Asta fairly regularly.
I'm different from the researchers — I'm not what you'd call a "follower" of Madam Herta — but she still lets me work here.
I've found a home to protect.
I can't afford to be complacent.
The fruits of my training. I'll keep it up.
You can learn new things by going back to the basics.
Combat is an unavoidable risk, but be careful.
You should leave the fighting to me, Lady Asta.
Madam Herta! A—Awaiting your orders!
Your number is up.
Nothing can stop me.
Fight to win.
We have to go on the offensive.
As you wish.
Hmm?
Barely felt it.
Is that all you got?
Let me pay you back — tenfold!
I can't protect you anymore...
You can't fight from the grave.
I'm fine... thank you.
You're in the way.
Even a little strength comes in useful.
You keep it.
Did we get it all?
That'll do it.
Look up ahead.
If there's no danger here, then I'm needed elsewhere.
Haven't learned your lesson?
Be silent.
I think I've seen these in our inventory...
Just like my days at the Security Department.
Hello, {NICKNAME}. I'm Arlan, I head up the Security Department on Herta Space Station. I'll be in charge of your safety during your time here.
Seed Isle's latest flavors of dried earthworm hit the shelves today — we should head over before the queue starts. The early bird catches the... anyway.
You should have some mixed vegetable juice before bed — it helps you sleep. Well, I'm on night duty tonight. See you tomorrow.
We've held the Space Station Peppy-Finding Contest nine times so far, and I've... I've won it nine times in a row.
I try to be inconspicuous when I'm on patrol. That way, I can avoid disturbing the researchers while they work and observe their utmost concentration.
You should keep your sword sharp at all times.
Oh, man! The phone case shipping location is too far from the space station — you have to buy 5000 units for them to deliver... Wait, please don't tell Lady Asta that.
There are some sword fragments housed here on the space station, but I can't find them in the pictographic index... They must be pretty special.
I heard the researchers say that there are some curios that actively requested to come to the space station.
*sigh* ...I don't know why, but it seems like I manage to annoy Lady Asta fairly regularly.
I'm different from the researchers — I'm not what you'd call a "follower" of Madam Herta — but she still lets me work here.
Hey... you're all together?
Oh... Did Madam Herta send you to help?
I... have no idea. The Legion came at a very suspicious time — almost right after the security system suddenly failed.
Lady... Lead Researcher Asta immediately began to organize the evacuation. I was supposed to cover everyone as they evacuated, but... I didn't expect to end up failing in this task.
After the evacuation was complete, the elevators were all shut down to keep the Legion away from the master control zone.
Since Lady Asta sent you to look for me, I assume she must've given you the encryption key for accessing the elevator system?
...Now that we found the key, we should get going. We can use that console over there to unlock the elevator.
Hold on. I only activated the elevator on the highest floor. We'll have to go there to use it.
Because I mustn't give the Legion any chance to reach the master control zone by the elevator. I must ensure the safety of the station's staff.
So I'll have to trouble you to take a bit of a detour... Apologies.
Sorry... This space station was entrusted to Lady Asta by Madam Herta. I must do this for the safety of the master control zone and the staff there.
So I'll have to trouble you to take a bit of a detour... Sincerest apologies.
My leg is injured... I'd only slow you down. I'll stay here and shut down the elevator once you've made it to the master control zone.
...Thank you.
The Sorting and Analysis Room has been sealed off. We can't go this way.
They must've come for Madam Herta's collection... But as to why, I still...
Yes. To stall the enemy, more or less.
You...
...That's not the kind of information someone in my position would have access to.
They were acquired legitimately, that's all I can say. Take them, they're very useful in combat.
I'm fine, a quick patching up will do. Thanks for asking. I'll report the situation to Lead Researcher Asta immediately. Bye.
...If only I'd caught the Antimatter Legion sooner...
I'm fine, this pain is nothing, really. I'm used to it. In fact, I should be proud of it. It's a reminder of being able to protect everyone.
Ahem, but don't tell Lead Researcher Asta what I just said.
There were a few researchers who didn't make it...
The rest are fine, mostly minor injuries. But I'm worried about their mental states.
Most of them came to the space station because they admired Madam Herta. But now they can't reach her or even their own families. I just hope they can all survive this crisis.
My first impression was that she was the daughter of a rich family — owners of a big company.
She was kind to me though. When she went to the space station, I followed her.
I don't know much about science, but I'm glad to be able to protect people in pursuit of their research.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I wouldn't be able to hold Peppy properly if these wounds kept bleeding.
Oh, Peppy's a fluffy little puppy, like a white snowball. He's family.
Luckily, he'd already hidden in his little sleeping pod when the disaster struck.
Y'know, I'll introduce you when you have the time. You're gonna love him.
Huh, I see...
I hope all this chaos will end soon.
You can't waste money like this...
I won't!
You did.
How is it not wasting money? We lost that Findie device you bought during the Legion's invasion.
All you had to do was check the inventory, and we could've replaced it — why did you make a new order?
And that starnought fleet from the last time...
I'll deal with that immediately. Please, don't worry, Miss Asta.
That's a separate issue. We'll talk about the encryption key later.
Are you okay, my lady?
Lady Asta? Why are you crying? Are you hurt?
Huh...?
My lady, I...
You didn't give me any pressure!
But, my lady...
I...
...I—I did write this for Professor Capote.
I... This is just...
Lady Asta, you... Why are you all here?
I've never seen anything like this before. It looks like some kind of new entity — it must have mutated after being corroded.
My lady, I did speak to Professor Capote, and I did ask him some things.
But they had nothing to do with you! I've never experienced any pressure with you...
Miss, I really don't...
Sorry... I'll get it fixed later.
Lady Asta, I like Peppy a lot, so I...
M—My lady, don't you think that's a long thought to think...?
Lady Asta, please, I didn't do any of these trials because of you.
I always try to complete every assignment you give me, regardless of whether it's within my job description.
I... really like taking Peppy out to play.
But, my lady...
...
My Lady, I... I'm very touched, but...
I started this trial because of Madam Herta.
Whenever she's back on the space station, Madam Herta assigns me things outside the Security Department remit.
Even if I dared to refuse, I wouldn't know how. She's just... too overbearing.
Whether it's helping her test some new specimen, or looking for ancient documents I've never even heard of...
...Assignments like those were okay before the invasion, but now I need to focus on clearing out any last traces of the Legion.
Yes. I found an anonymous handwritten journal while I was cleaning up — it mentioned 36 different strategies for relieving pressure. That's where I read about the trials.
Yes. There were detailed notes, so... I wanted to give them a try.
I'm sorry, my lady... I didn't want to bother anyone, so I didn't mention it.
I've never felt pressured around you, my lady.
...Thank you for helping Lady Asta... and for coming to find me.
Correct. All the cabins they might pass by have been checked. Remember to report to Lead Researcher Asta.
Sorry, this is embarrassing... We suddenly had some stuff come up. I wanted to take care of it before you arrived, but I can't seem to get a break around here.
Never mind about that. Here — this is for you. I made it this morning. And I've been keeping it warm.
It's just a little something I whipped up.
That's right! I hope you don't hate it.
No, she had pudding this morning. I made it especially for you.
I spent a long time wondering what to give you... In the end, I realized I should stick to what I'm good at. Miss Asta loves my fried rice, so I hope you like it too.
Sorry, it's so noisy here... I wanted to find somewhere quieter where I could get your feedback, but...
Mm, I'm pretty confident in this dish. Unfortunately, I was a bit rushed at the end...
Miss Asta said that gratitude has to be sincere... It's a shame that I had to finish it up so hastily...
Some big shot suddenly decided to visit the space station today. Everyone has been in a hurry since the announcement. They're all worried that a bad impression could damage Madam Herta's reputation.
Miss Asta said that the guest appears to be Madam Herta's research partner. If he's doing research with her, he must be famous throughout the galaxy...
Ah, look at the time. The guest is almost here. If you're curious, just follow the crowd. Miss Asta and I will be there soon...
Hey...
Sorry... I wanted to show you around, but now I don't think I'll be able to get away...
Alright, see you later.
What? He went to the scene alone with Peppy!? How could you let him...
W—We're walking the dog...
...L—Like I said, we're walking the dog.
*sigh* Is there something you need?
Ugh, can you leave the talking to me next time?
...Let's walk and talk.
Peppy, are you okay?
I'll leave you to it. Adler, Peppy's in your hands now. Oh, about that investigation I asked for...
Why are you looking for Adler?
...A lost Curio? I see. He'll be able to help.
Careful, the Fragmentum in this area is very unstable.
I figured you'd come to me to uncover the truth...
I'm sorry. The situation is very delicate. I can't say anything except that it's a secret mission.
H—How did you know!?
I figured you'd come to me to uncover the truth...
I'm sorry. The situation is very delicate. I can't say anything except that it's a secret mission.
H—How did you know!?
...I see. Could you also tell that Lady Asta was feeling the pressure?
...I'll be honest with you — it's been tough. The surveillance didn't capture anything regarding the researchers' disappearance.
There's only one clue. Adler observed that the automatic fire-suppression system was momentarily activated around the time the disappearances occurred.
That means that every victim's disappearance was accompanied by some inexplicable fire. When we made visits to the scenes, some of the witness testimonies seemed to agree with this...
The words they used were... spontaneous combustion of the human body.
I'm sorry. This situation is unique. I hope you can keep this a secret for me...
Not good... this is serious. The Security Department will do whatever we can to help you.
...Sure, but the Security Department already combed through their backgrounds and personal relationships — we didn't find anything odd. The Annihilation Gang are a group of diehard thugs — they might be attacking indiscriminately...
O—Okay...
What else do you need me to do?
H—He disappeared too...
I didn't really notice at first — Adler's difficult to get a hold of at the best of times...
...but it's been a few system hours, and I still can't reach him. Even the surveillance cameras can't find any trace...
The last time I saw him was in the master control zone. He was with Wen Shiling from the Department of Implement Arts.
Over there!
As I thought, he's in trouble... Let's go!
Sorry, I was busy arranging work for my team. Didn't notice you were here.
Ask me anything. I'll do my best to help as per Lady Asta's request.
This place could do with some iris scanners... wouldn't want unregistered visitors sneaking aboard.
I remember Lady Asta commissioned some security equipment a while back. Maybe she still has some spares...
Oh, sorry, I was thinking out loud. Don't worry, the Express is perfectly safe — there are no... Come to think of it, I'm an unregistered visitor.
I'm sure you guys and the Express itself are more than capable of maintaining security... but it's important not to overlook basic prevention methods.
Ah, that's right. Since the Legion's invasion, Lady Asta's been procuring defense products customized to the station's needs. I think she's already got platinum membership cards with some of the suppliers...
When the unthinkable happens, it usually comes down to the combat effectiveness of the defenders to gain the upper hand. But it's always helpful to have the right equipment by your side.
In addition to visitor recognition systems, I've made a few notes on third-party signal monitoring and emergency response devices.
Of course, it'd be great if you never had to use any of it, but I hope my analysis is of help to the conductor!
I... Th—Those guys aren't serious when they refer to me like that, y'know. Anyway, please don't start using it yourself too...
Sorry... I was just trying to help.
I'm not as knowledgeable as Lady Asta... The only way I can contribute is to help the station improve its defenses, don't you think?
H—Huh? *sigh* You're right, I need to learn to unwind.
I've been so focused on the station's defenses recently — it's easy to forget that work-life balance is the best way to stay on top.
Sightseeing on the Express... Where should I begin? It's weird that when I finally have the chance to take a break, I don't know how.
You're right. I won't enjoy myself if I turn it into another safety inspection.
I didn't know so much power could fit into such a small body!
The Express must have encountered huge dangers on its journey through the universe. Not only does Pom-Pom make sure that no harm comes to the crew, they even manage to find time to clean the carriages and take care of the plants.
Strategically minded with an eye for detail... So impressive.
The Express must have encountered huge dangers on its journey through the universe. Not only does Pom-Pom make sure that no harm comes to the crew, they even manage to find time to clean the carriages and take care of the plants.
Strategically minded with an eye for detail... So impressive.
*sniff* Is that coffee...? Smells good.
I remember the conductor telling me that Himeko's coffee had a special aroma. If caffeine didn't mess with my sleeping pattern so much, I'd ask her for the recipe.
A lot of the researchers on the station live off the stuff. They said it helps them focus.
Still, none of the coffee they drink has the same aroma as Himeko's brew. She must have a few secret ingredients up her sleeve.
I wonder if Lady Asta would like it? She drinks a cup or two occasionally, but she has it with milk and sugar. She can't stand bitter flavors...
A lot of the researchers on the station live off coffee. They said it helps them focus.
Still, none of the coffee they drink has the same aroma as Himeko's brew. She must have a few secret ingredients up her sleeve.
I wonder if Lady Asta would like it? She drinks a cup or two occasionally, but she has it with milk and sugar. She can't stand bitter flavors...
...Maybe if I change Peppy's diet, he won't shed so much...
No, no, I wouldn't bring Peppy without letting you guys know first. You have a lot on your plate — I wouldn't want you to worry about having to take care of him.
Yeah, the conductor gave me some ideas on how to improve it. It'll probably taste worse, but it'll be more nutritious.
I knew there were no pets on the Express, but I saw signs of shedding. That's when I realized that, uh... maybe the conductor was having the same problem. That's why I wanted to get Pom-Pom's advice.
After I told Pom-Pom about Peppy's shedding, they shared some cooking tips that should help solve the problem.
I'll start him on the new diet when I get back... Hope he isn't too picky.
After I told Pom-Pom about Peppy's shedding, they shared some cooking tips that should help solve the problem.
I'll start Peppy on the new diet when I get back... Hope he isn't too picky.
Now this type of cushion looks like it'd help with fatigue. Y'know, from sitting too long?
That's fine if you're not on the clock, but you can't just lie down at work!
The material is super soft — whoever made this had relaxation in mind.
Sadly a lot of our researchers get shoulder and neck pain — they're sat at their desks most of the day.
Lady Asta bought ergonomic chairs for everybody, but I feel like there's still room for improvement. Cushions like this one might actually be the missing piece.
Who'd have thought I'd get ideas for office furniture while sightseeing on the Express...
Sadly a lot of our researchers get shoulder and neck pain — they're sat at their desks most of the day.
Lady Asta bought ergonomic chairs for everybody, but I feel like there's still room for improvement. Cushions like this one might actually be the missing piece.
Who'd have thought I'd get ideas for office furniture while sightseeing on the Express...
When I got the invitation I was completely caught up in Security Department affairs — how to prevent another Legion invasion, that kind of thing...
It took me a while to realize I was letting the whole thing stress me out — I couldn't think straight. When I set foot on the Express and saw how vast the universe is, I started to feel calm and relaxed.
Here, take this. It's nothing expensive, but I'm sure it'll be of help.
It's important to slow down and unwind... A change of scenery is sometimes the best medicine.
I was too caught up in Security Department affairs — I forgot how important it is to get some good rest.
I am Xueyi, a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. By decree of the Commission, I come to the world of the living to enforce its will. Tell me what you want. I haven't got much time.
It's good we could be acquainted. I rarely have the chance to come to your side of the world.
My wakespan for today is running out — I must return to my coffin. Take care.
"Xueyi" is a type of white-feathered bird. It also refers to the white pieces of a chessboard. It is a fitting alias — I often move first, though it is the Commission that decides where to dispatch me.
You are talking to a puppet, not a living being. The Commission gifted me this body. The real me has already been reduced to ashes.
My sister may not strike you as an extrovert, but when I have wakespan to spare, her eyes light up. We'll wander around and do silly things together. It's good to keep her company.
As per my arrangement with the Ten-Lords Commission, for each criminal I take into custody, I will be granted half a day of wakespan. It might not seem much to you, but I cherish every second of it.
In my living years, it appears I was stricken with mara and committed terrible crimes. The Commission offered me the chance to atone for my sins by working for them.
I used to enjoy many things: walking around the markets, reading novels, and watching immersia. Now, I can only relive those moments during my wakespan. When I return to my coffin, my memories don't follow.
Annoyances are a luxury to me.
When asleep in my coffin, I often experience the memories of criminals in my dreams. But when I awake, I don't remember anything... People say the Ten-Lords Commission can perform dream divination. I wonder if that's what I'm experiencing.
"An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet" — have you read that novel? The story is based on my life. I wonder who wrote it. Could it be one of my colleagues?
My sister is tasked with the karmic interpretation of people's memories. She works relentlessly in the Hall of Karma — it's a thankless job with no "rest days..." I can see the dark circles around her eyes.
Only 38 years have passed since Huohuo joined the Commission as a spiritfarer, but she's already become a judge. The speed of her promotion is unheard of. As per the Commission's rules, it would have taken anyone else at least 500 years.
The general has proved to be a staunch ally of the Ten-Lords Commission. His loyalty will be rewarded.
Just like me, she carries the burden of guilt. But, unlike me, she doesn't have the chance or need to atone for her wrongdoings, which has led her down a dangerous path.
Back then, I tried to dissuade her from her actions. But now, I can see how it provided the Ten-Lords Commission with many opportunities.
Serving under the Ten Lords, as a judge of souls, I come to the world of the living to enforce their will.
Very well, out with the old and in with the new.
Though puppet in form, I'm fully functional.
I shall carry out the decree of the Ten Lords.
Quite unexpected. You're also going on this mission?
We meet again, a pleasant surprise.
It's you, how fortunate. This new look of yours must surely stir up trouble, does it not?
The Ten Lords will surely repay your assistance with kindness, General.
Huohuo, just stand behind me and do what you can.
You could've surrendered.
That's it?
It's time.
I can't spend my wakespan waiting...
Execution.
Yield!
You can't hurt me.
So what if it hurt?
By order of the Ten-Lords...
Execute the Mara-struck!
No amnesty... for the Mara-struck.
Forgive me, sister...
Death has yet to claim me.
Motor function restored.
Spirits be gone.
A few more days to my wakespan...
Interesting, show it to that silly child.
This will make her happy for quite some time...
Was it this easy the last time I was awake?
Careful, there is evil ahead.
I'd like to take in something new before returning to the coffin.
Do you admit this crime?
It's not every day you see something like this.
Next time we could pick up the pace.
I am Xueyi, a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. By decree of the Commission, I come to the world of the living to enforce its will. Tell me what you want. I haven't got much time.
It's good we could be acquainted. I rarely have the chance to come to your side of the world.
My wakespan for today is running out — I must return to my coffin. Take care.
"Xueyi" is a type of white-feathered bird. It also refers to the white pieces of a chessboard. It is a fitting alias — I often move first, though it is the Commission that decides where to dispatch me.
You are talking to a puppet, not a living being. The Commission gifted me this body. The real me has already been reduced to ashes.
My sister may not strike you as an extrovert, but when I have wakespan to spare, her eyes light up. We'll wander around and do silly things together. It's good to keep her company.
As per my arrangement with the Ten-Lords Commission, for each criminal I take into custody, I will be granted half a day of wakespan. It might not seem much to you, but I cherish every second of it.
In my living years, it appears I was stricken with mara and committed terrible crimes. The Commission offered me the chance to atone for my sins by working for them.
I used to enjoy many things: walking around the markets, reading novels, and watching immersia. Now, I can only relive those moments during my wakespan. When I return to my coffin, my memories don't follow.
Annoyances are a luxury to me.
When asleep in my coffin, I often experience the memories of criminals in my dreams. But when I awake, I don't remember anything... People say the Ten-Lords Commission can perform dream divination. I wonder if that's what I'm experiencing.
"An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet" — have you read that novel? The story is based on my life. I wonder who wrote it. Could it be one of my colleagues?
My sister is tasked with the karmic interpretation of people's memories. She works relentlessly in the Hall of Karma — it's a thankless job with no "rest days..." I can see the dark circles around her eyes.
Only 38 years have passed since Huohuo joined the Commission as a spiritfarer, but she's already become a judge. The speed of her promotion is unheard of. As per the Commission's rules, it would have taken anyone else at least 500 years.
The general has proved to be a staunch ally of the Ten-Lords Commission. His loyalty will be rewarded.
Just like me, she carries the burden of guilt. But, unlike me, she doesn't have the chance or need to atone for her wrongdoings, which has led her down a dangerous path.
Back then, I tried to dissuade my little sister from her actions. But now, I can see how it provided the Ten-Lords Commission with many opportunities.
Serving under the Ten Lords, as a judge of souls, I come to the world of the living to enforce their will.
Very well, out with the old and in with the new.
Though puppet in form, I'm fully functional.
I shall carry out the decree of the Ten Lords.
Quite unexpected. You're also going on this mission?
We meet again, a pleasant surprise.
It's you, how fortunate. This new look of yours must surely stir up trouble, does it not?
The Ten Lords will surely repay your assistance with kindness, General.
Huohuo, just stand behind me and do what you can.
You could've surrendered.
That's it?
It's time.
I can't spend my wakespan waiting...
Execution.
Yield!
You can't hurt me.
So what if it hurt?
By order of the Ten-Lords...
Execute the Mara-struck!
No amnesty... for the Mara-struck.
Forgive me, sister...
Death has yet to claim me.
Motor function restored.
Spirits be gone.
A few more days to my wakespan...
Interesting, show it to that silly child.
This will make her happy for quite some time...
Was it this easy the last time I was awake?
Careful, there is evil ahead.
I'd like to take in something new before returning to the coffin.
Do you admit this crime?
It's not every day you see something like this.
Next time we could pick up the pace.
I am Xueyi, a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission. By decree of the Commission, I come to the world of the living to enforce its will. Tell me what you want. I haven't got much time.
It's good we could be acquainted. I rarely have the chance to come to your side of the world.
My wakespan for today is running out — I must return to my coffin. Take care.
"Xueyi" is a type of white-feathered bird. It also refers to the white pieces of a chessboard. It is a fitting alias — I often move first, though it is the Commission that decides where to dispatch me.
You are talking to a puppet, not a living being. The Commission gifted me this body. The real me has already been reduced to ashes.
My sister may not strike you as an extrovert, but when I have wakespan to spare, her eyes light up. We'll wander around and do silly things together. It's good to keep her company.
As per my arrangement with the Ten-Lords Commission, for each criminal I take into custody, I will be granted half a day of wakespan. It might not seem much to you, but I cherish every second of it.
In my living years, it appears I was stricken with mara and committed terrible crimes. The Commission offered me the chance to atone for my sins by working for them.
I used to enjoy many things: walking around the markets, reading novels, and watching immersia. Now, I can only relive those moments during my wakespan. When I return to my coffin, my memories don't follow.
Annoyances are a luxury to me.
When asleep in my coffin, I often experience the memories of criminals in my dreams. But when I awake, I don't remember anything... People say the Ten-Lords Commission can perform dream divination. I wonder if that's what I'm experiencing.
"An Unsuitable Job for A Puppet" — have you read that novel? The story is based on my life. I wonder who wrote it. Could it be one of my colleagues?
My sister is tasked with the karmic interpretation of people's memories. She works relentlessly in the Hall of Karma — it's a thankless job with no "rest days..." I can see the dark circles around her eyes.
Only 38 years have passed since Huohuo joined the Commission as a spiritfarer, but she's already become a judge. The speed of her promotion is unheard of. As per the Commission's rules, it would have taken anyone else at least 500 years.
When I was alive, Dan Feng's reputation preceded him. To witness him now — an ousted criminal under a different name... How the world changes.
The general has proved to be a staunch ally of the Ten-Lords Commission. His loyalty will be rewarded.
As an outsider capable of mending my mechanical body, he's far from typical...
Just like me, she carries the burden of guilt. But, unlike me, she doesn't have the chance or need to atone for her wrongdoings, which has led her down a dangerous path.
Back then, I tried to dissuade my little sister from her actions. But now, I can see how it provided the Ten-Lords Commission with many opportunities.
I will. Our condolences, Helm Master.
You have guests. I shall take my leave.
...Are you giving me an order?
Karmic atonement.
Why are the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus pursuing you?
Tourists?
I only see two of you in Alchemy Commission attire.
You, girl — raise your head. You have a wandering look in your eyes... A mara-struck look, perhaps?
This place isn't secure. You should leave immediately.
Soldiers! See them on their way!
The influence of the Stellaron... There's no time for explanations — we must return to the Ten-Lords Commission! I'm wounded — I need your assistance in getting there. Once we get to Starskiff Jetty, you can go your separate ways.
You look familiar.
Hmm... Maybe.
I ran your facial profile against the records in The Shackling Prison just now. Indeed, there were no matches to be found.
Don't be nervous. I ran your facial profile against the records in The Shackling Prison just now. Indeed, there were no matches to be found.
Our work concerns the mara-struck and the lifespans of long-life species.
Indeed.
Judges of the Ten-Lords Commission have always acted independently, each carrying out their duty in solitude. However...
I have a younger sister. You remind me of her.
Everyone has their duties. Let's go.
The rebirth of the Ambrosial Arbor was bound to bring calamity... The Cloud Knights must be at the Alchemy Commission next to the Arbor. You should head the same way.
Thank you for ensuring my safety on this journey. I will report this good deed to the Ten Lords, and if the opportunity arises, I will return the favor.
Hmph... You guessed right. If you see him, don't engage.
I don't think this is the way.
There's the starskiff.
This demon... is quite troublesome...
They've consumed too many heliobi...
We'd die from exhaustion before we manage to weaken it.
...A passenger on the Astral Express and a guest of the Seat of Divine Foresight. You assisted the Cloud Knights in resolving the Ambrosial Arbor calamity and are a friend of the Alliance.
As a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission, you should speak with more confidence, Huohuo.
We have already told you there are no ghosts on the Xianzhou — it is a ridiculous superstition. As a resident of the Xianzhou, you should refrain from believing or spreading rumors.
I believe we're done here. We have important matters to attend to. Huohuo, please see them off.
Unnecessary. Those not involved should leave now. Go.
This place is dangerous. You should leave at once.
Fyxestroll Garden has been enveloped by an unknown power... You must be careful!
The task at hand is to save you from this illusion. Come. Pass through the mirror and come to our side.
You have returned safely. It seems the Ten-Lords Commission is not down on our luck today.
Did you encounter anything strange on your way here?
I understand. This isn't the time to deal with Cirrus. Fyxestroll Garden has been dragged into a powerful illusion by an even mightier heliobus, and the spiritfarers who went to suppress it have lost contact with me.
Huohuo, if both Hanya and I are unable to suppress that demon, then you will have to defeat it.
Do not underestimate yourself. A heliobus cannot possess a body that is already possessed by another heliobus — such is your absolute advantage as a judge.
Correct. However, Huohuo has had many more years of training and is more experienced in fighting heliobi than you.
That is why the Ten-Lords Commission is not down on our luck today. We're lucky that you have all returned at this opportune time.
The heliobi are aggressive beings, but they cannot shake their desire for a flesh and blood body. And yet, during the 38 years you have worked for the Ten Lords, you have been constantly able to suppress the monster within your tail and maintain your personality. You are already a fitting judge. Be confident.
On that point, none of the other judges can surpass you.
Though Furynox is powerful, we have a chance of suppressing them if we can break them into multiple fragments.
Let's go.
I understand. Take your time.
Have you made up your mind?
Let's go.
I understand. Take your time.
Therefore... this might be the way to defeat Furynox. We can cause them to break apart and reduce their power, then the Ten-Lords Commission can use their sacred vessels to seal up all of Furynox's fragments.
I have a question. Why are you betraying your own kin? Why would you help the Xianzhou when we have sealed you for so long?
Judges of the Ten-Lords Commission always keep our promises. If you can truly deal with the problem at hand, I will ask for your freedom from the Ten Lords. However, I cannot guarantee the outcome of the appeal.
...
This is the Lunaumbra Gourd, a sacred vessel made by the Artisanship Commission. The Ten-Lords Commission has made some changes to it to better suppress heliobi. After you fight the puppets controlled by Furynox, make sure you seal their heliobi fragments in here.
Also...
Her time as a judge has been brief — she is still inexperienced. Apart from that, please also have mercy on the spiritfarers that have fallen under Furynox's control.
The Ten Lords will not forget your acts of kindness. Thank you.
Huohuo, though I am of ingenium body, I too am feeling a sliver of fear.
Faced with a demon that can manipulate life at will, of course I'm afraid... Afraid that I won't ever work with my sister again.
Let's go! I will find my own way to defeat the pawns possessed by Furynox... and before that foolish heliobus has realized what's happening, I will suppress all of their fragments within the Lunaumbra Gourd.
Once my task is done, I will meet you at the Verdant Terrace and activate the Evil Binding Matrix at its matrix core.
I have defeated all the spiritfarers controlled by Furynox... It was quite troublesome taking them down without doing any harm.
How goes your task?
Now, we shall seal the fragments absorbed by the Lunaumbra Gourd into the Evil Binding Matrix. Once Furynox's power has been stripped, it will no longer be able to influence reality in Fyxestroll Garden.
The one possessing Huohuo... seems to have disappeared. I don't know if I should be happy or sad for her...
Never mind. I've never been good at figuring out emotions.
Thank you for your assistance, Nameless. Reinforcements from the Ten-Lords Commission will be here soon, and Guinaifen will be sent to an apothecary.
It is only an artificial ingenium body. I can swap into another one easily. Do not worry.
Hanya returned to the Ten-Lords Commission after you left. She is coming with the reinforcements as we speak.
No. The demon lives on. They even possessed a young spiritfarer under my command. "As Starfire Essences, the heliobi will never die" — the records in the Ten-Lords Commission's evil-binding tomes were all real...
Cirrus lost most of their power and poses no danger for the time being. But they will remain a threat for as long as they exist...
Thankfully, the Ten-Lords Commission had prepared other sacred vessels to suppress the heliobi. We will construct a matrix all over this abandoned garden and seal the heliobi within. The Xianzhou will live to see another day.
We can leave the rest to the Ten-Lords Commission from here... Even I feel like I need a rest.
We can leave the rest to the Ten-Lords Commission from here... Even I feel like I need a rest.
This is the exit, you useless brat! Come here!
Huohuo, sweetie! Come to big sister Xueyi.
The situation in Fyxestroll Garden is getting worse. Why have you not left? Is something the matter in there?
The real Madam Xueyi? Are there pretenders inside the illusion?
I see. Do not be afraid. Huohuo knows me well — she will be able to discern me from the counterfeits.
You must trust yourself. Come.
Hurry, Huohuo. Pass through the mirror and come to me.
We are both Judges of the Ten-Lords Commission. Evidently, we are colleagues.
A powerful heliobus possessed her tail... It is a power that I dream of having for myself.
Hurry, Huohuo. Pass through the mirror and come to me.
Who is Hanya...?
Likely through some secret means that I am unaware of.
Hurry, Huohuo. Pass through the mirror and come to me.
Hanya is my younger sister, but this alone cannot prove who I am. Ask me something else.
"By decree of the Ten-Lords: Spiritfarer Huohuo is skilled and diligent, capable and worthy of officialdom. She is hereby promoted to the position of judge."
I still remember the decree for her promotion.
Come here, Huohuo. Come through the mirror.
...As a judge responsible for capturing criminals, her cowardice is a dereliction of duty. I will reprimand her severely once you leave the illusion.
Her tail will be extracted and suppressed after the job is over.
Come here, Huohuo. Come through the mirror.
Her caution is a skill all judges of the Ten-Lords Commission should possess.
It's the most powerful fragment of Ignamar's demise. Who would have guessed it still contained so much power after so many years...?
Hurry, Huohuo. This should be the last mirror.
She will be expelled after tonight's operation. She is not fit for her job at the Ten-Lords Commission.
An insignificant demon... I can't wait to devour it myself.
Hurry, Huohuo. This should be the last mirror.
Everyone is different. A judge is not a soldier, and they need more than just courage.
It is the decree of the Ten Lords for Huohuo to be elevated to a judge. There must be some meaning in it.
It is merely a sealed heliobus, a tool carrying out the will of the Ten Lords.
...
...Please come over here. I need to give you something.
It won't work... My body is mechanical, not flesh and blood—
...Curious.
Very good — we no longer need to return to the Realm-Keeping Commission. The mission continues.
As a judge in the employ of the Ten-Lords Commission, I am forbidden from interfering in the affairs of outsiders. However, seeing as you came to my aid, a word of advice: Leave as soon as possible.
I came to address the root of our crisis by arresting a fugitive — a Stellaron Hunter. This villain possesses exceptional swordsmanship and wields a divine weapon — they are extremely dangerous.
If it hadn't been for a strange accident, my wakespan might have been cut short.
Come with me.
I've never seen anything like it.
...
...What do you think?
My motor is broken — I can't move.
Are you a Cloud Knight? ...Good. Take me to the Realm-Keeping Commission.
I am Hanya, envoy of the Ten Lords. Out of the four duties of a judge — detention, lock-up, execution, and interrogation — I am in charge of interrogation. Held in high esteem by the Ten Lords, I am the wielder of the Oracle Brush, recording crimes and punishments.
It's been a while. How have you been? I can't say I've been doing well lately myself, but that's normal for me.
See you next time... no, it's better if there is no next time. It's never a good thing to run into me.
"Hanya" and "Xueyi" are our code names as the envoys of the Ten Lords. Our previous names... are already in the past. But I've always had only one family member, my sister, and I won't let her leave a second time.
Using dreams to analyze the sins of the mara-struck is like touching a vine with thorns — it doesn't hurt as much when your fingers become numb. Or maybe it's the mind that becomes numb first...
No one knows how the Ten Lords Commission selects its talent, and many of its members don't remember how they got in or even what their previous occupation was. But since they don't need to show their faces to the outside world, it's not a bad state of affairs.
Sometimes I record my daily experiences in a book... that way when I see my sister, I can tell her about them.
Xueyi and the Ten-Lords Commission came to an agreement that for every villain she arrested, she can go back to the world of the living for half a day. That is the best time in the world. But the good times are always so short, like holding water in your fist — the tighter you clench your fingers, the faster the water escapes...
The longer one works as a judge, the more they understand one fact — of all the people in this world, none is without blemish.
Have you ever observed how the sky in the delve changes? Even knowing it's an artificial scenery, whenever you walk out of the Hall of Karma after days and nights of dream divinations and gaze at those bright and flickering stars, you will still feel a great calmness in your heart.
Have you ever been to The Shackling Prison? The whole place is pitch black, except for the light cast by the occasional spiritfarer's lamp. To me, this mortal world is the prison, and my sister is the lamp.
The judges of the Ten-Lords Commission are all people who suffer from some affliction or another, and this child is no exception. She might be timid, but she is very capable at work. It would be unwise to underestimate her.
The general has experienced many hardships, any one of which would be enough to break the spirit of an ordinary Xianzhou citizen... but he seems to handle it all with grace. He must have his own way of coping.
This man has violated every statute in the Xianzhou Legal Code. It is rare to find a long-life individual who carries such a crime-ridden history and still maintains his sanity... Once my sister catches him, I'll examine his crimes in detail.
The ability of the Vidyadhara to cast their memories and past sins to the Lunarescent Depths before reincarnating is truly enviable. But the Dragon Lady seems to be different from other Vidyadhara... She carries a heavy burden that has been passed down since long, long ago, and getting just a glimpse of it can be suffocating.
The Foxian lifespan is only 300 years, but that is better than the Xianzhou natives who spend nearly a thousand years bumbling around... When one has forgotten the concept of death, life also becomes meaningless. Such is the curse placed by the Plagues Author.
Why does someone carry a coffin around? Is it to remind yourself of constantly being chased by death? This is similar to the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission — we enter the land of the dead to bring the dignity of life to the Xianzhou people.
The technique for sealing a heliobus inside Huohuo's tail, though seldom seen on the Luofu, is not so uncommon on other Xianzhou ships... though I really shouldn't divulge too many details.
In the obscure prophecy of dream, a star from the heavens has enlightened my path.
While devotion to public tasks is a must, this fatigue is somewhat... overwhelming...
Wait, wait, wait... That's too much information to process...
Every stroke penned by a judge is tied to infinite karmic outcomes — one must proceed with great care...
Sister, once you've passed down your judgments, why not join me for a stroll?
Ah, Dragon Lady... If you have any energizing potions at hand, could you set aside some for me? Thank you...
Huohuo, you're here... How is work? Under control...? And Tail... not causing trouble I hope?
Give it up.
Ugh, the smell of sin is thick...
You don't know how serious this is...
It's so good to stand here and do nothing. The mere thought of having to return to mountains of criminal reports in the Hall of Karma makes me wish I could stand here for ever and ever and ever...
I shall judge you for the Ten Lords.
Sinful.
New crimes...
By the will of the Ten Lords...
The Ten Lords decree — hereby ordained!
Sister, I...
There's unfinished business... Back to the world of the living.
I will remember your kindness.
Yield.
The Ten Lords' favor grants victory.
This doesn't intrigue me.
Sister would love this.
Done. Let's keep going.
We cannot let such a sinful creature be.
No, no, no — must I return to the Hall of Karma so soon? I can't — I can't do it unless... unless sister is with me.
You still deny your sins? They're clear as day.
Recount your sins.
Quick, take it.
Let us not waste time here... Onward.
I am Hanya, envoy of the Ten Lords. Out of the four duties of a judge — detention, lock-up, execution, and interrogation — I am in charge of interrogation. Held in high esteem by the Ten Lords, I am the wielder of the Oracle Brush, recording crimes and punishments.
It's been a while. How have you been? I can't say I've been doing well lately myself, but that's normal for me.
See you next time... no, it's better if there is no next time. It's never a good thing to run into me.
"Hanya" and "Xueyi" are our code names as the envoys of the Ten Lords. Our previous names... are already in the past. But I've always had only one family member, my sister, and I won't let her leave a second time.
Using dreams to analyze the sins of the mara-struck is like touching a vine with thorns — it doesn't hurt as much when your fingers become numb. Or maybe it's the mind that becomes numb first...
No one knows how the Ten Lords Commission selects its talent, and many of its members don't remember how they got in or even what their previous occupation was. But since they don't need to show their faces to the outside world, it's not a bad state of affairs.
Sometimes I record my daily experiences in a book... that way when I see my sister, I can tell her about them.
Xueyi and the Ten-Lords Commission came to an agreement that for every villain she arrested, she can go back to the world of the living for half a day. That is the best time in the world. But the good times are always so short, like holding water in your fist — the tighter you clench your fingers, the faster the water escapes...
The longer one works as a judge, the more they understand one fact — of all the people in this world, none is without blemish.
Have you ever observed how the sky in the delve changes? Even knowing it's an artificial scenery, whenever you walk out of the Hall of Karma after days and nights of dream divinations and gaze at those bright and flickering stars, you will still feel a great calmness in your heart.
Have you ever been to The Shackling Prison? The whole place is pitch black, except for the light cast by the occasional spiritfarer's lamp. To me, this mortal world is the prison, and my sister is the lamp.
The judges of the Ten-Lords Commission are all people who suffer from some affliction or another, and this child is no exception. She might be timid, but she is very capable at work. It would be unwise to underestimate her.
The general has experienced many hardships, any one of which would be enough to break the spirit of an ordinary Xianzhou citizen... but he seems to handle it all with grace. He must have his own way of coping.
This man has violated every statute in the Xianzhou Legal Code. It is rare to find a long-life individual who carries such a crime-ridden history and still maintains his sanity... Once my sister catches him, I'll examine his crimes in detail.
The ability of the Vidyadhara to cast their memories and past sins to the Lunarescent Depths before reincarnating is truly enviable. But the Dragon Lady seems to be different from other Vidyadhara... She carries a heavy burden that has been passed down since long, long ago, and getting just a glimpse of it can be suffocating.
The Foxian lifespan is only 300 years, but that is better than the Xianzhou natives who spend nearly a thousand years bumbling around... When one has forgotten the concept of death, life also becomes meaningless. Such is the curse placed by the Plagues Author.
Why does someone carry a coffin around? Is it to remind yourself of constantly being chased by death? This is similar to the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission — we enter the land of the dead to bring the dignity of life to the Xianzhou people.
The technique for sealing a heliobus inside Huohuo's tail, though seldom seen on the Luofu, is not so uncommon on other Xianzhou ships... though I really shouldn't divulge too many details.
In the obscure prophecy of dream, a star from the heavens has enlightened my path.
While devotion to public tasks is a must, this fatigue is somewhat... overwhelming...
Wait, wait, wait... That's too much information to process...
Every stroke penned by a judge is tied to infinite karmic outcomes — one must proceed with great care...
Sister, once you've passed down your judgments, why not join me for a stroll?
Ah, Dragon Lady... If you have any energizing potions at hand, could you set aside some for me? Thank you...
Huohuo, you're here... How is work? Under control...? And Tail... not causing trouble I hope?
Give it up.
Ugh, the smell of sin is thick...
You don't know how serious this is...
It's so good to stand here and do nothing. The mere thought of having to return to mountains of criminal reports in the Hall of Karma makes me wish I could stand here for ever and ever and ever...
I shall judge you for the Ten Lords.
Sinful.
New crimes...
By the will of the Ten Lords...
The Ten Lords decree — hereby ordained!
Sister, I...
There's unfinished business... Back to the world of the living.
I will remember your kindness.
Yield.
The Ten Lords' favor grants victory.
This doesn't intrigue me.
Sister would love this.
Done. Let's keep going.
We cannot let such a sinful creature be.
No, no, no — must I return to the Hall of Karma so soon? I can't — I can't do it unless... unless sister is with me.
You still deny your sins? They're clear as day.
Recount your sins.
Quick, take it.
Let us not waste time here... Onward.
I am Hanya, envoy of the Ten Lords. Out of the four duties of a judge — detention, interrogation, incarceration, and punishment — I am in charge of interrogation. Held in high esteem by the Ten Lords, I am the wielder of the Oracle Brush, recording crimes and punishments.
It's been a while. How have you been? I can't say I've been doing well lately myself, but that's normal for me.
See you next time... no, it's better if there is no next time. It's never a good thing to run into me.
"Hanya" and "Xueyi" are our code names as the envoys of the Ten Lords. Our previous names... are already in the past. But I've always had only one family member, my sister, and I won't let her leave a second time.
Using dreams to analyze the sins of the mara-struck is like touching a vine with thorns — it doesn't hurt as much when your fingers become numb. Or maybe it's the mind that becomes numb first...
No one knows how the Ten-Lords Commission selects its talent, and many of its members don't remember how they got in or even what their previous occupation was. But since they don't need to show their faces to the outside world, it's not a bad state of affairs.
Sometimes I record my daily experiences in a book... that way when I see my sister, I can tell her about them.
Xueyi and the Ten-Lords Commission came to an agreement that for every villain she arrested, she can go back to the world of the living for half a day. That is the best time in the world. But the good times are always so short, like holding water in your fist — the tighter you clench your fingers, the faster the water escapes...
The longer one works as a judge, the more they understand one fact — of all the people in this world, none is without blemish.
Have you ever observed how the sky in the delve changes? Even knowing it's an artificial scenery, whenever you walk out of the Hall of Karma after days and nights of dream divinations and gaze at those bright and flickering stars, you will still feel a great calmness in your heart.
Have you ever been to The Shackling Prison? The whole place is pitch black, except for the light cast by the occasional spiritfarer's lamp. To me, this mortal world is the prison, and my sister is the lamp.
The judges of the Ten-Lords Commission are all people who suffer from some affliction or another, and this child is no exception. She might be timid, but she is very capable at work. It would be unwise to underestimate her.
The general has experienced many hardships, any one of which would be enough to break the spirit of an ordinary Xianzhou citizen... but he seems to handle it all with grace. He must have his own way of coping.
This man has violated every statute in the Xianzhou Legal Code. It is rare to find a long-life individual who carries such a crime-ridden history and still maintains his sanity... Once my sister catches him, I'll examine his crimes in detail.
The ability of the Vidyadhara to cast their memories and past sins to the Lunarescent Depths before reincarnating is truly enviable. But the Dragon Lady seems to be different from other Vidyadhara... She carries a heavy burden that has been passed down since long, long ago, and getting just a glimpse of it can be suffocating.
The foxian lifespan is only 300 years, but that is better than the Xianzhou natives who spend nearly a thousand years bumbling around... When one has forgotten the concept of death, life also becomes meaningless. Such is the curse placed by the Plagues Author.
Why does someone carry a coffin around? Is it to remind yourself of constantly being chased by death? This is similar to the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission — we enter the land of the dead to bring the dignity of life to the Xianzhou people.
The technique for sealing a heliobus inside Huohuo's tail, though seldom seen on the Luofu, is not so uncommon on other Xianzhou ships... though I really shouldn't divulge too many details.
At ease, Wraith Warden. These two are not your enemies.
As a member of the Ten-Lords Commission, you may as well consider me a member of the dead. I am a judge, alias "Hanya". Of the four duties of detention, incarceration, interrogation, and punishment, I'm responsible for interrogation. Therefore, I know a thing or two about you.
Guinaifen, an Outworlder, unemployed... You entered Fyxestroll Garden with Sushang, a Cloud Knight, the day before yesterday.
As for this one here...
Regardless whose idea it was... This place has been designated as a restricted area. No one is allowed to enter.
Tell me, Guinaifen. Why did you return here?
What a strange girl. Here to film ghosts, yet terrified when she lays eyes on one...
Sister, don't be angry. Most of your time is spent in the field — you're not accustomed to dealing with others. Leave this to me. If I explain the reasoning, they will leave.
As things stand, the situation in Fyxestroll Garden is sure to keep drawing attention. If we forcibly dismiss these two today, their curiosity will remain — who knows what might happen if they decide to come back. They might not be lucky enough to run into us next time.
I assume the two of you heard about the damage done to the Artisanship Commission's Creation Furnace? The "heliobi" sealed within escaped and have been haunting this place. The Ten-Lords Commission has orders to capture them. I am strongly advising you to leave — for your own safety.
If you have any questions, raise them now — I will do my best to satisfy your curiosity. But I hope you will keep any information you hear in strict confidence... and then leave Fyxestroll Garden — never to return.
As a clerk at the Hall of Karma, my knowledge on these matters is somewhat limited, but I will try my best to satisfy your curiosity. Please proceed.
According to the Divination Commission's classification, they are energy parasites from the cosmos itself. They are "Starfire Essence" that materialize in the form of strange fire.
Metaphorically speaking, they are like moths to a flame... but that flame is the thoughts of sentient beings.
Yes. They attach themselves to sentient beings, feeding off their host's experiences and emotions.
A heliobus will slowly take root in its host's nervous system, using their deepest desires and weaknesses to create wild delusions. They manipulate their host like a chess piece. The host has no choice but to obey the heliobus, so we refer to it as "possession."
By that point, the host is no longer who they once were, but a heliobus both similar to and completely different from their past self. The host's body will soon be exhausted by the heliobus — like burnt firewood.
Regrettably, heliobi are not flesh-and-blood, and so they are difficult to destroy. Before the restoration of the Creation Furnace, the Ten-Lords Commission plans to set up an "Evil Binding Matrix" in this abandoned garden to imprison these abominations.
As you can see, the Evil Binding Matrix has not yet been completed, and not all the escaped heliobi have been recovered. This area is still very dangerous. I will ask Judge Huohuo to escort you out of the garden.
Fyxestroll Garden is full of abnormalities — even the Ten-Lords Commission cannot guarantee your safety. I suggest you leave immediately.
As I said, sister, I will handle this.
The Ten-Lords' Verdict of Karmic Atonement.
The judges of the Ten-Lords Commission must undergo systematic training to be ready for every task. However, when it finally comes down to it, they are categorized into four different divisions — Detention, Incarceration, Interrogation, and Punishment.
Since I'm not good at combat, I am assigned to the Interrogation Division and tasked to deduce and interpret the Karmic Tome under the Ten Lords' supervision. My job is to gather intelligence in preparation for the next disaster. As a non-combat Judge of the pen, my job is considered the most useless among Judges.
Once you entered the Ten-Lords Commission, it's like entering a life after death. Your name and life before are meaningless.
Come to think of it, my sister and I have been working in the Ten-Lords Commission for nearly... Hmm, how long was that? Eight hundred years? A thousand years? ...Or was it a thousand and two hundred years?
...Never mind about that. We sisters had been stricken by mara and committed a great offense. We were regretful. Thankfully, the Ten Lords took pity on us and granted us another chance.
I drank the wine of oblivion, using oneiromancy to understand Xianzhou people's flow of karma and calculate mara's next appearance. On the other hand, my sister was given an indestructible puppet body to capture evils.
Xueyi and Hanya are nicknames for the white and black pieces in a Xianzhou chess game. We sisters adopted these names to remind ourselves that we serve the Ten Lords and are at their disposal.
You seem interested in the Ten-Lords Commission's affairs, no less than Miss Guinaifen. It may seem too heartless for me to shut you up by saying "these are Xianzhou's affairs, and I have nothing to share." After all, upholding mystery will only beget prying eyes.
How about this? I can tell you some common knowledge of the responsibilities here.
As stated in the Ten-Lords Commission's Discipline, "the first division keeps vigils at night and evils at bay," "the second division punishes the criminals and pacifies the territory," and "the third division ensures fairness in the Karmic Wheel and life expectancy."
Being the legal mechanism that monitors Xianzhou's long-life species, we are responsible for observing and escorting the Xianzhou natives who are succumbing to mara. We are also in charge of grounding the vicious criminals of the long-life species in the Shackling Prison as a sign of the Karmic Wheel manifestation.
Lastly, and most importantly, we will keep the long-life species' true selves in the Hall of Karma for learning and studying, deducing when mara will strike.
We are the emissaries of the afterlife, we are the inevitable death, and we offer all long-life species a dignified ending.
Regarding the Ten Unpardonable Sins... They're somewhat difficult to explain. I have a booklet here, feel free to have a read.
The official name is the "Ten-Lords Commission Special Operations Team for the Heliobi Containment Breach Incident."
That was the name given to us by decree of the Ten Lords. Since we managed to survive the Fyxestroll Garden incident, the Ten Lords decided to entrust us with hunting down and subduing the heliobi using our special skills.
That's right — this expedition was commissioned by the Ten Lords themselves. I am unsure as to why they attached so much importance to this endeavor, but I have a theory.
Every flower and tree on the Xianzhou is significant in its own way — Miss Gui has her own strengths too. As a famous street performer and livestreamer, she has precisely the skills we need to acquire intel for our mission.
Miss Gui has set up a social media account under the guise of investigating paranormal phenomena and unexplained mysteries... we can use it to gather intel for our mission.
The Ten-Lords Commission has specially entrusted Judge Huohuo with commanding the ghost-hunting squad, so please make sure to follow her lead in all matters related to the heliobi.
During the Fyxestroll Garden incident, my sister gave the order to seek reinforcements. It was thanks to your support in that critical moment that we were able to get the situation under control. I wanted to thank you.
And now this small team needs your help, too.
She sustained heavy injuries in the previous incident.
Fortunately, my sister is using an ingenium body. As long as she returns to the coffin and is tended to by the spiritfarers, her life is not in jeopardy. I still worry about her, though.
Creatures of flesh and blood fear death and will always strive to preserve their life... but not my sister. Her human instinct for survival is slipping away — she sees herself more as a "tool," driving her body to the point of total exhaustion.
Every time she fights like that, I can't bear to watch.
In most matters, I would say no. But when dealing with heliobi... I think the answer is quite clear.
The Ten-Lords Commission have long specialized in suppressing abominations, but they were negligent in guarding against the dangers of the Creation Furnace. Once it became a problem, the spiritfarers and aurumatons were powerless against the heliobi, proving that the traditional means of subduing them were no longer effective.
As fate would have it, the girl we unwittingly rescued many years ago became the key to defeating Cirrus.
After this is all settled, we intend to make contact with the Xianzhou Zhuming. That ship is under the influence of the mythical Reignbow Arbiter — the people there are able to coexist with the heliobi and at the same time be free from their manipulation. We hope that from them we can learn the art of breaking free from the influence of the heliobi.
Did you really think we were messengers from another plane visiting the world of the living? Hehe, how cute of you.
And maybe we are... don't get too close, or you might turn into a ghost too.
The precise location of the Ten-Lords Commission is highly confidential... but you have contributed much to the Xianzhou and are very close to the secret. If you wish to know more about it, I will have to ask you to spend time with our ghost-hunting squad.
I would save the jokes for later! As the saying goes, with great work comes great rewards. The Ten-Lords Commission will compensate you accordingly.
I've wondered at times what the Luofu should give the Nameless in return for their great deeds...
Alas, questions like that are above my pay grade. That is for the Ten Lords and the General to figure out.
A judge of the Ten-Lords Commission has no past. Once one has entered the service of the commission, all links with the outside world are severed...
However, since you are now a member of the squad, and in the interest of everyone working together, it's best that we know each other a little better... — I'll tell you some of the secrets I know.
After Ignamar was defeated by the general in a great battle, the Ten-Lords Commission was ordered to seal away the heliobi fragments. To make them atone for their actions, most of the heliobi were sealed inside the Creation Furnace.
Decades ago, the Ten-Lords Commission was asked to investigate an unusual case — a foxian girl's tail had been consumed by a strange fire of unknown origin... so we set out, ready to subdue whatever foul demon awaited us.
It turned out that the fire was none other than a heliobus. The remaining fragments of Ignamar — the heliobi — had found some way to escape from their furnace prison.
That heliobus's power was weakened to the brink of death, but he was kept alive thanks to the kindness of the foxian girl. Gradually, he regained his strength and rekindled his desire to manipulate humans.
Normally, I would have just purged the heliobus and sent it back into the furnace. But Huohuo's body was too frail and weak to perform a purging. The best I could do without harming her was to inscribe a talisman seal — enough to subdue the thing living inside her, at least for a while.
The Ten-Lords Commission took Huohuo in as a spiritfarer apprentice, teaching her the arts of purgation and ghost hunting. This way the Commission could keep an eye on Huohuo — and ensure that she wasn't taken over by the heliobus.
Perhaps all those long years with Huohuo have bestowed upon that heliobus some form of human compassion. Though Tail has never given up on attempting to break free of his bonds or usurping his host, he has fought against his own kind to protect Huohuo.
You could say that. Who would have thought Tail would have sacrificed himself to defeat Cirrus? Granted, heliobi have no obligation to be loyal to one another, but Tail's willingness to side with Huohuo is significant.
I leave the matters of the ghost-hunting squad in your hands. If you have further questions, just ask Huohuo.
As always, I have mountains of paperwork to finish... Piles of paper... I'll never get it all done...
On behalf of the Ten-Lords Commission, I commend you for your great service in resolving the Divination Commission crisis. I will honor all of you before the Ten Lords.
I didn't realize that one as skilled as Diviner Fu would also be susceptible to the power of the heliobi.
That said... I can understand her plight. After all, we are all moving forward on our own unseen paths... in no uncertain terms.
Judges are instructed by the Ten Lords to carry out their orders, but no one ever explains their meaning to us...
Just like the master diviner — no matter what cruel and horrible paths she foresaw, as long as it benefited the Luofu, she had to make a choice.
Those choices may be correct and far-sighted, but we are, after all, flesh and blood, and we cannot help but agonize over the process of making them.
I apologize, I was getting carried away. I think all the paperwork must have worn down my mental acuity. Today's business is finished. Please get some good rest!
My apologies for rambling on just now...
Today's work is finished! Please make sure to get some rest!
It appears we are all present. The spiritfarers who were supposed to report to Huohuo mentioned they didn't see her today.
I'll get straight to the point — I have no idea where Huohuo may be. However, if we combine our efforts we may be able to piece together some clues. Each of you are close to Huohuo, did you notice anything unusual about her yesterday?
Since becoming a judge, Huohuo has often thought about resigning. She thinks she might not be cut out for the task.
If you ask me, after she lost Tail, I think her urge to resign became even more apparent.
...And yet she didn't come to any of us for help. That's not like her.
Given the type of person she is, if she did have any clues, she would seek out our help. If she hasn't shared anything with us, it means there is only one possibility.
After working together for the last few days, it is clear that Huohuo has already formed a close bond with each of you. It is hard for me to imagine she would simply wander off on her own... Unless someone deceived her...
Cirrus... The only one who may have knowledge of Tail's whereabouts is Cirrus... whose plans were foiled due to Tail's actions.
Let's go, we must try to squeeze some answers out of Cirrus.
The Ten-Lords Commission might not be able to completely eradicate the heliobi, but we have plenty of ways of dealing with them...
Lies! You can't possibly know where Tail disappeared to!
The paperwork will have to wait. I'm coming with you.
Hold on, let me take a look at her.
She's unresponsive. It looks like a heliobus has taken control of her mind.
Huohuo spent a long time in coexistence with a heliobus — it is likely she became accustomed to that state. With Tail now gone, she was relatively defenseless against other heliobi.
This isn't just a heliobus illusion, it's a complete sensory barrier — cutting off the individual from the outside world. In this case, even the Harmonic Chime won't work.
This isn't something the healers at the Alchemy Commission can handle. I'll take Huohuo back to the Ten-Lords Commission — perhaps they'll have an answer.
As for now, I'm temporarily suspending the activities of the ghost-hunting squad.
The situation has changed completely. Without the assistance of a judge, continuing would place all of you in grave danger — defeating the purpose of the squad.
I know, I understand. But please, let the Ten-Lords Commission deal with this. We'll find a way to extract this heliobus from Huohuo.
...
We are not completely out of options.
It might be possible to use another heliobus to drive out the one that seized Huohuo's mind.
I've been keeping Tail here, all along...
As per our rules, any free-roaming heliobus must be sealed away. I was merely following protocol. Besides, it was Tail who requested this...
Lucky for you, you met me.
You had had your wish. Now, I'm offering you a chance to regain your freedom... not by letting you go, but by going back to the way things were. Do we have a deal?
Can I trust you, Tail?
Despite Cirrus's scheming and calculating, they clearly didn't expect Tail to return to Huohuo... their plan to kidnap her was an utter failure. If they saw Huohuo as she is now, it would break their will!
...Cirrus may not know the location of Tail, but they still figured out a way to divert everyone's attention.
Cirrus may come across as hot-headed and impulsive, but under the surface they are actually full of guile...
No wonder they like to use analogies such as "pawns" and "chess" to describe people. One momentary lapse of concentration, and suddenly we find ourselves backed into a corner.
There's no need to blame yourself. This was Cirrus's plan all along.
It looks like the "endgame" that General Jing Yuan has been trying to avoid is fast approaching. Sushang, please head to the Seat of Divine Foresight and fetch the general.
Let's hurry back to Fyxestroll Garden now, while there's still a chance to turn things around. It's time to teach Cirrus a lesson.
The Ten-Lords Commission's matrix is still intact — the heliobi cannot leave Fyxestroll Garden. You may think you have the upper hand, but you're nothing more than a caged animal. You will never leave here.
You're here. I've just finished re-inscribing the seal on Huohuo's tail. Next, it's time to address the matter of Cirrus.
Well then, I will take care of the Cirrus situation. As for what gets written in the Luofu's Ghostly Grove, I'll leave that up to you.
One more thing, don't forget to seal the heliobi within the Evil Binding Matrix.
The ghost-hunting squad can now rest easy for a while. Speaking as a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission, I must thank you all for the dedication you've shown these past few days. You really minimized the impact of the heliobi crisis.
There may have been a few heliobi that slipped through the net, but they are of no major concern.
Miss Gui...
Hmm... You seem pretty set on this, so I won't stand in your way. However, bear in mind that—
Surely the Ten-Lords can fix this?
The Express has reached a safe distance from the space station. We'll be jumping in about ten minutes.
Return to your seats please, both of you. Things could get bumpy!
Well, it wouldn't be necessary, but Miss March 7th likes to challenge herself... and falls over every time.
Ugh... We're jumping in five minutes! You can have something to drink when it's over!
Spatial readout anomaly! Star rail stability is down to 12%!
Schedule alteration: Seven-day stopover time extended indefinitely!
Indefinitely. Until the anomaly is removed!
If we try to force our way ahead, there could be a hefty price to pay!
Each stop brings its own grand and exciting adventure!
No...
No.
Pom-Pom can't leave the train right now...
You want to disembark, Dan Heng? Changed your mind?
Well then, Pom-Pom wishes you the best of luck.
Mm... Pom-Pom understands. Not everything needs to be put into words.
Best of luck.
Make sure you return before the Express departs...
...and bring Pom-Pom back some local specialties?
Something else you need?
Kafka... *sigh* Pom-Pom doesn't like her. She smells of danger.
Still, a Trailblazer should choose their goal and the road they take to get there themselves. That's the creed of the great Akivili.
Pom-Pom's too busy — looking after the Express is a full-time job.
Never.
...Don't worry about me — I'm just happy you're enjoying the journey.
So you don't know yet...
You don't seem very excited...
After all that cold and exhaustion on Jarilo-VI, you must be looking forward to the next planet!
Pom-Pom's thrilled that you're enjoying your journey!
A long, long time ago, this train would ferry the Nameless from planet to planet... Now it's able to do the same again.
Pegana? That's the final stop — Akivili's home world... Pom-Pom wants to visit again too. Unfortunately, the journey's a lot like life — you don't always get where you're going right away.
...There are some planets that haven't been affected by Stellarons.
The Express moves at an incredible speed, but change is always faster...
Passengers! The warp navigation meeting has officially begun!
Firstly, Pom-Pom wants to congratulate you, the Nameless, for successfully resolving the problems at this stop. The Express is now able to continue along the star rail!
It's time for your conductor — ahem, that's me — to reveal the name of our next stop...
...Shhh! Checking star rail stability, Pom-Pom needs to focus!
Spatial readout... back to the normal bracket!
Star rail stability keeps rising... 56%, 57%...
The numbers have stabilized! Dispatch the Express!
Thanks to you, the Space Fissure is healing up, and the star rail has become stable enough for us to dispatch the Express...
As for the coaches, Pom-Pom's checked every nook and cranny and made sure everything is in good order!
...Don't worry about it! Jarilo-VI probably doesn't have anything worth buying anyway. Plus, it's your first time on a Trailblaze Mission, so Pom-Pom will let it slide this time!
But don't forget next time!
The destination will be announced at the navigation meeting.
For now, get some rest and stay tuned!
Oh, Pom-Pom almost forgot!
There you go, careful not to spill it!
Right away!
To avoid encountering the anomalies again, the Express will dispatch shortly and head to a more stable area.
For your safety, please don't leave your seat until the Express has reached cruising speed!
Hello? Hello hello?
It's about time we hit the road, passengers! Thanks to the three trailblazers, the activity of the Fragmentum has reached the lowest level, and the readings regarding the status of the star rail have returned to normal!
Pom-Pom will dispatch the Express shortly and we'll be leaving Jarilo-VI. Please be seated and say your goodbyes to this planet!
Here already? I was just engaging in pleasantries. How can I help?
Oh? Why are you interested in her room?
Ah, Pom-Pom remembers Himeko saying that you saved her...
Mmm, very brave! Very foolhardy! But that is what a Trailblazer should be like.
March 7th's room is in the Express Sleeper Compartment. She's always running around, so she might not be there.
Dan Heng's room? Oh, you mean the archives.
He's just... sort of living in there, I guess. I can't be bothered getting him out.
March 7th's room is right next to the Archives. You can visit him on the way.
You recognize this as well?
Himeko always likes to bring back weird junk and try to fix it.
That also got modified a bit.
Shouldn't be a surprise to see the IPC's vending machine anywhere...
Pom-Pom doesn't wanna admit it, but they really do have everything you may need on sale.
This thing might add some nice flavor to the trip.
Pom-Pom still needs to prepare for the Express' warp jump. You can look around the place yourself.
No matter where you go on this train, Pom-Pom will always have my eyes on you.
Himeko likes using the Phonograph a lot. She says it can play melodies from the past.
Welt likes collecting these jet-black discs. It seems like they could be antiques. He'd be very happy if you could bring a few back.
The Interastral Peace Corporation's after-sales service is very comprehensive. The vending machine has a wide range of products that are regularly refreshed.
Hyper-distant delivery costs an arm and a leg, but we got this machine from Madam Herta, all the products inside come free of shipping charges.
Hey! Y—You don't have any questions to ask Pom-Pom!?
Is it because you think Pom-Pom talks too much? Or is it Pom-Pom's age? You youngsters gotta learn to bridge that generation gap.
You just left. Why are you back again!?
Go, go. I'm busy here and I don't have time for you.
Ahem, hi, hello~ Attention all passengers. Attention all passengers.
The Express is about to conduct a warp jump. All passengers, please gather at the main hall.
I repeat. The Express is about to conduct a warp jump. All passengers, please gather at the main hall.
You took long enough! But at least everyone's here now.
He won't be here, so just leave him be.
Oh yeah, take these.
Just a little gift from the conductor to the passenger. Think of it as an investment in your future growth.
Okay everyone, hurry up and find a place to sit down. Try not to be like March, always running around the Express like a headless chicken.
Pom-Pom's going to start the final preparations for the jump.
*ahem* Apologies for the delay, dear passengers. Something important came up, so I, the conductor, had to spend some time preparing!
I thought everyone knew! Our next destination is the Planet of Festivities, Penacony.
I know everyone's eager to disembark and get to that famous stellar hotel, but before we set off, I should remind everyone of three things.
First: Penacony is located in Asdana, a star system brimming with memoria, which has historically been one of the Macro Voids that leaked out from the Memory Zone. Even after eons, the memoria concentration up ahead is above normal levels.
Usually, this wouldn't be a huge problem... but everyone's different, so if you exhibit any signs of dizziness, hallucination, distorted memories or any other symptoms, you should take them seriously!
Second: Penacony is a colony belonging to the Harmony Family — it also marks the first time this Family has extended a public invitation to other factions. Please remember that the Express has been invited as a guest, and that we must adhere to any and all regulations.
Rome? Anyway... Third and final: Rather than being a request... Pom-Pom has a favor to ask of everyone.
If you could, I hope that while you're all on vacation, you could spare some time to help inquire about a few of the Nameless.
I'll broadcast an announcement before we jump!
Ahem, hi, hello~ Attention all passengers.
The Express is about to make the jump — the Express is about to make the jump — Please be seated and hold on!
...S—Sounds like you had a nightmare! We just arrived in Asdana and already... You should be careful, it seems your tolerance to memoria isn't the strongest.
Don't fret, dreams are often the reverse of reality. While you were sleeping, the Express arrived at Penacony...
...Can you imagine? Yesterday's grim frontier prison is today's lavish hotel. I wish I could wander Penacony's streets today, but I'm pretty train-tied at the moment. You'll have to be my eyes and ears while we're here.
...Gear up and make sure you've got everything! And before you step out, swing by the back and grab March, she's waiting for you there.
...Trailblazer from the Astral Express, do you plead guilty?
The sins you've committed are beyond pardon, but I respect every individual's right to carry out volunteer work...
...Give this place a thorough cleaning!
Do you, as well as the other passengers, take responsibility for the following malicious conduct?
You rode snowmobiles into the Taikiyan Stadium and disrupted the match, causing the match to be suspended. Because of you, Twenty Trailblazers were forced to repair the severely damaged exterior of the stadium for three months without pay...
...Do you plead guilty to this accusation?
You sneaked into the Hyai'i Zoo and splurged half an Amber Era's crew budget on 250 Nosewalker cubs. You kept them in the restroom, where they were left to breed and multiply uncontrollably, causing other carriages to be filled with sewage...
...Do you plead guilty to this accusation?
You barged into the kitchen of the dining carriage, claiming that the whole area needed disinfection. This resulted in the loss of 42 Crispy Crumbly Pom-Pom Pies. And because you also took the last serving of the Express Special in the fridge, I was left starving...
...Do you plead guilty to this charge?
Ahem. Don't get carried away just yet. This is only the beginning of your list of culinary offenses!
There are cases of entire entries disappearing from the Express data bank, the plants in the Parlor Car being watered with SoulGlad, disrupting the conductor's rest with noise, and a break-in to the conductor's exclusive snack vault.
And that's not even half the list! There are a total of 46 cases of malicious conduct! Do you admit to being the culprit in every case?
...No, you are not.
Of course there is.
That guy who blew up the train into two pieces.
I already told you! We can talk things out!
It probably is...
*confused* M—Muddle-fudger?
Aren't the Galaxy Rangers also esteemed guests?
You're back? Two guests just boarded, saying they were looking for Boothill, so I told them to wait in the Parlor Car.
Yeah, her too. Look, we welcome all passengers on the Astral Express, but sneaking in like that... You have no regard for etiquette!
This passenger is requesting...
Ahem... looks like everyone's present. Let the navigation meeting commence then!
All right. All right. Now that everyone's met everyone, we can continue our navigation meeting!
Ahem, hi, hello~ Attention all passengers.
The Express is about to make the jump — please be seated and hold on!
Firstly, Pom-Pom wishes to thank everyone. If it weren't for you all unearthing the truth about Penacony, Pom-Pom would have never known where Mikhail and the rest had gone...
What they had to go through was regrettable, but I reckon they all fulfilled their wishes... And it was thanks to all of you — thank you, everyone.
Now then, we come to the crux of this navigation meeting: We must decide on the Express' next stop! Let me introduce our current options.
The first choice is from Himeko: The oceanic planet of Lushaka — a planet composed entirely of water. Many aquatic races reside there. Of course, it's also the home planet of the venerable Nameless, Mikhail.
The second choice is the "Agate World" Melustanin, suggested by Welt. It's famed as one of the initial sites of the Stellaron Disaster and the place where "the Beauty" Idrila ascended. Today, it's celebrated as a planet of undying allure.
The third choice is Edo Star, a planet nestled within a vast ion storm region, currently under assault by the Antimatter Legion. However, the distress signals from there have recently ceased, prompting the IPC's wish for us to check in on the situation.
The last choice, courtesy of Black Swan, is the "Glass Belt" Patrevia, a massive belt of asteroids that was turned to glass by the Lord Ravager Zephyro... These days it's apparently known to house one of the branches of the Mourning Actors troupe.
Three votes for Lushaka, two for Edo...
Looks like we have a winner. Next stop: Lushaka, the ocean planet!
Three votes for the Agate World, two for Edo Star...
Looks like we have a winner. Next stop: The Agate World, Melustanin!
All votes for Edo Star...
Looks like we have a winner. Next stop: Edo Star!
Three votes for the Glass Belt, two for Edo Star...
Looks like we have a winner. Next stop: The Glass Belt, Patrevia!
Four votes for Edo Star, one vote abstained...
Looks like we have a winner. Next stop: Edo Star!
Then this navigation meeting is adjourned. I'll go check the warp jump coordinates. Everyone can catch up on some rest in the meantime.
When it's time to make the jump, Pom-Pom will make an announcement!
Ahhhh!
Th—There was a strange sound — it was terrifying! Did you hear it?
Pom-Pom knows the Express inside and out — it definitely wasn't the train!
It sounded like it came from the passenger cabins... or the conductor's cabin!
March has a point. Pom-Pom will go check the conductor's cabin!
D—Did something happen to March...?
*sigh* The clock is ticking. We need to find a more efficient method, and quickly! Let Pom-Pom think... Every one of us should be involved! Velite!
Use your brain and think of something!
Oh... Now that you mention it, Pom-Pom does have a backup measure.
We'll need... Hmm, this mobile Express cleaner should come in handy! I was planning to use it to sweep the Express's ceiling during spring-cleaning!
It's got a nifty wide-angle lens on it. Once we zip it up into the air, we'll have eyes on the whole scene. Not a single nook or cranny will be able to hide from us!
I mean, I know this isn't what it's meant for... but we have no other choice.
Hmm... nothing out of place here!
Nothing out of the ordinary here. Maybe we should check the far-away cars, what do you think?
The Express managed to escape the crisis, but Pom-Pom still feels a little sad... Pom-Pom wonders what happened to Argenti.
...And the starry sky...
*sigh* Where were we supposed to be going again?
Hmm... something seems off. Pom-Pom already selected a route...
We've seemingly gone off course... Strange, Pom-Pom's navigation is always precise.
Oh no! What was that!?
*sigh* Pom-Pom's still thinking, let me see if there are any clues nearby!
We need to get out of the Sting's stomach as soon as possible! Pom-Pom doesn't want the Express to sustain damage...
Nonsense. This won't be our last meeting! But I'm happy the Express has started to grow on you. Now... where should Pom-Pom start the story?
Wh—What? Argenti wants to go by himself? No way! That's too dangerous!
That's what Pom-Pom used to think... but it's not that simple!
Washtopias only clean the exterior of the train — and they do a great job, too! However, the seats, rooms, windows — all the nooks and crannies inside the Express... we have to do those ourselves!
Okay! I'll be waiting!
Alright! Come see Pom-Pom when you're ready!
Pom-Pom's been cleaning up this whole time and didn't see any letters!
Wh—What!? Don't scare Pom-Pom like that! Why are there always strange things sneaking onto our train? P—Pom-Pom is going to upgrade the security level around here!
What does the letter say?
It looks like an invitation... Hmm... Who could have sent it? Does Dan Heng have any friends on the Luofu? If Pom-Pom remembers correctly, he said he was exiled from there, right?
Why don't you show Dan Heng the letter? You know {RUBY_B#Archives}where{RUBY_E#} to find him.
I'm certain that no one entered this car — so who delivered the letter?
...This is giving me the shivers!
Going, going, gone!
The Astral Express welcomes everyone! Don't worry — do what you feel is right, and Pom-Pom will take care of the rest.
Stop worrying so much! Pom-Pom will say it again: The Astral Express welcomes everyone!
Pom-Pom doesn't know, but it's in the Express! No one knows Akivili's Express better than Pom-Pom. There is something strange in here, Pom-Pom can feel it!
Help Pom-Pom look for it. We have to find it.
We have to find it!
Wahh! P—P—Pom-Pom knew something strange was going on!
Wahh! Even you didn't find anything...?
The Express is not a place they can just come and go as they wish! We have to kick them out!
Alright, thanks!
Pom-Pom doesn't care whose creation it is! It has to go!
That's good...
Hello? Hello...?
The Express is about to warp jump, all passengers please get ready!
Shh... Listen, each song has its own story. Maybe you can listen to some when you have the time?
Ehhhh! Don't bring the dirt in here! Pom-Pom just swept!
It's dirty again all thanks to you!
Pom-Pom can't go outside, yet even from here, the stars are still so pretty to look at.
So... the outside world. What do you think it's like?
Looks like the inventory won't need be restocked anytime soon.
Hmm? Here to buy something? You'll have to get in line first.
More water for you to grow taller, taller, taller!
Do you need to be watered too? It looks like you've grown tall enough already.
...Zzzzz... What's going on? Did something happen?
Pom-Pom isn't a robot! Train conductor needs breaks too!
Journeys... dreams... few make it to the end. Most people are just bystanders, witnessing birth and brokenness in the world...
It's nothing. Stay on the train long enough and one day you'll understand.
Hmmm... how can a button be so stubborn...
Do—don't get the wrong idea! Pom-Pom only eats three donuts a day...
Ugh... Every day Pom-Pom has to clean it over again. What a nuisance!
Move along, passenger! Your conductor has to get to work!
Eh, there doesn't seem to be anything special going on.
Hm... the coach is quiet. Maybe a little too quiet?
Ah... Standing for such a long time makes Pom-Pom want to take a nap.
Not to brag or anything, but the lighting and temperature here are carefully calibrated by Pom-Pom, so it's normal to get sleepy.
La la la la la~ huh? You're back! It's natural for the conductor to feel relieved when their passengers return safely!
You finally got some leisure time. Don't forget to grab some sleep when you're done wandering about, {NICKNAME}.
Sounds nice. If only Pom-Pom could go out on expeditions with you...
Back already? Did you get into some trouble?
Quit being a nuisance! Pom-Pom is working!
Aha! One of Pom-Pom's best buddies!
Another peaceful day... La la la la la⁓
Pom-Pom adjusted the cabin temperature for you~ Welcome back!
Pom-Pom loves donuts, the Astral Express, and all the passengers aboard the train!
Things have been pretty quiet here recently... but at least it's always cozy!
The Express is so cozy... Just like home should feel!
Hey, you over there looking dumbfounded. Yes, Pom-Pom's talking to you.
Himeko told Pom-Pom about your situation. Now listen up, Pom-Pom will only say this once.
Pom-Pom's sure there have been lots of people telling you how special you are lately, but this is the Astral Express, and everyone on here has their secrets.
Since you chose to board, you can abide by the rules. You're not the only special one here. You'd best remember that.
I'm Pom-Pom, the conductor. Just come find me if you have any trouble.
Hello, good evening! I'm Robin, a singer from The Family. No need for formalities, this is just a friendly off-stage chat. Can you spare me a moment?
Here we are again. What kind of song are you in the mood for now?
Until our next meeting. May my songs gift you with pleasant dreams.
Music may have its creative secrets, but it's the emotions and resolve in the voice, not just the skill, that makes a song really move someone.
There's a saying — the more demanding the diner, the stronger the skills of the chef... but no matter what others say, I'll always be demanding more from myself.
In order to capture the essence of a song, those before us encapsulated music on physical records. My collection is from different worlds... some from civilizations that have faded away... But the feelings they left behind are eternal.
My brother often hummed a lullaby to help me fall asleep when I was young. That was the first piece of music I learned... Even without lyrics, it's still the melody I hold dearest.
Sometimes I just put on a wig, change my makeup, and slip on a pair of glasses &#8211; just like that, I can go anywhere without a worry~
When I'm not on tour, I love getting away from the urban hustle to listen to nature... Unfortunately, there aren't any real forests in Penacony's Dreamscape, so I just settle for talking to the "birds" in my dreams.
Within the family of the Harmony, all are equal, everyone basks in the hymns of The Thousand Faces, sharing all hardships and joys. I hope my songs can also bring peace to everyone.
A label from Epsilon has produced a few albums for me and even invited me to live there for a while. The vibe of the planet feels quite similar to Penacony, but it seems that people are more interested in the massive profits that art can bring than the actual art itself...
My brother seems to believe that he should shoulder more responsibilities. He always listens carefully to my problems, but hardly ever confides in me... Perhaps in his eyes, I'm still his kid sister.
Mr. Gallagher likes to keep his softer side hidden, and even though he might seem a little disorganized at times, he's always there for his friends when it matters most.
Miss Black Swan's strategies and methods are as thorough and enchanting as her dancing. I look forward to the moment when we can dance together.
Listen, the harmonies are becoming clearer...
Only consistent practice can ensure optimum performance.
Everything is ready. It's time to step on stage.
Don't slack off even if it's not music.
 Don't worry, I'll always be with you.
 Don't worry, I'll always be with you.
I'll leave the enemies behind us to you then, Mr. Gallagher.
I hope this piece of music matches the steps of Miss Black Swan's dance.
Listen to the final song of life.
Dangerous thoughts.
May song bring us victory.
Time to play the next piece.
Please quiet down.
The harmony will soon play in unison.
It's okay. It's okay...
That... kinda tickles...
Tonight, souls shall embrace.
Tonight, the stars echo because of me.
The show... must go on...
I can still go on.
Thank you, my throat is feeling much better.
Let the show begin~
May you find peace in song.
Oh, not bad, not bad at all.
Perseverance pays off, doesn't it?
It's like analyzing harmony.
I hear some disharmony.
The tour is over, and it's time for some rest.
I hope for an end to strife in the world.
All together, resonate once more.
I do like surprises~
Is there a puzzle about composing melodies...
Hello, good evening! I'm Robin, a singer from The Family. No need for formalities, this is just a friendly off-stage chat. Can you spare me a moment?
Here we are again. What kind of song are you in the mood for now?
Until our next meeting. May my songs gift you with pleasant dreams.
Music may have its creative secrets, but it's the emotions and resolve in the voice, not just the skill, that makes a song really move someone.
There's a saying — the more demanding the diner, the stronger the skills of the chef... but no matter what others say, I'll always be demanding more from myself.
In order to capture the essence of a song, those before us encapsulated music on physical records. My collection is from different worlds... some from civilizations that have faded away... But the feelings they left behind are eternal.
My brother often hummed a lullaby to help me fall asleep when I was young. That was the first piece of music I learned... Even without lyrics, it's still the melody I hold dearest.
Sometimes I just put on a wig, change my makeup, and slip on a pair of glasses – just like that, I can go anywhere without a worry~
When I'm not on tour, I love getting away from the urban hustle to listen to nature... Unfortunately, there aren't any real forests in Penacony's Dreamscape, so I just settle for talking to the "birds" in my dreams.
Within the family of the Harmony, all are equal, everyone basks in the hymns of The Thousand Faces, sharing all hardships and joys. I hope my songs can also bring peace to everyone.
A label from Epsilon has produced a few albums for me and even invited me to live there for a while. The vibe of the planet feels quite similar to Penacony, but it seems that people are more interested in the massive profits that art can bring than the actual art itself...
My brother seems to believe that he should shoulder more responsibilities. He always listens carefully to my problems, but hardly ever confides in me... Perhaps in his eyes, I'm still his kid sister.
My brother has always been my protector, and I've never contemplated stepping out of his shadow... Yet even though we may take different paths, I am... still his little sister.
Mr. Gallagher likes to keep his softer side hidden, and even though he might seem a little disorganized at times, he's always there for his friends when it matters most.
Miss Black Swan's strategies and methods are as thorough and enchanting as her dancing. I look forward to the moment when we can dance together.
He said you were the most dashing person in Penacony, how interesting.
Astral Express guests, please come this way and rest your feet.
I never thought a cutie like yourself would be a fan of mine.
It is an honor to meet everyone.
Truth be told, I am a guest like everyone. Penacony is my hometown, but I left when I was older. I was graciously invited this time to return and sing a song at the Charmony Festival.
The person you speak of is Sunday, my senior, and one of the local leaders of Penacony. He is also the organizer of this era's Charmony Festival. He heard you all ran into some difficulties, and sent me here to provide aid.
Alas, I arrived a little later than usual. I sincerely apologize for any unpleasantness during your stay.
May your dreams be beautiful and pleasant.
Hehe, well you are in the Dreamscape, after all.
Hehe, that's a normal reaction for first-time visitors to the Dreamscape.
Haha, there's nothing to worry about — you've arrived at the Dreamscape.
Leave it to me.
Don't worry, just relax. You'll be feeling like your normal self in no time.
I've merely changed your state of mind for you to feel more at ease.
I've merely changed your state of mind for you to feel more at ease.
It was a song with a harmonic tune.
Don't mind him — he's always like that. Please enjoy the beautiful dreamscape The Family has built for everyone. We shall take our leave. Have a blast!
Everyone sang so wonderfully! It's not often that I try this music style, but I've gained some valuable insights from it!
It was nothing, Grace. I merely taught them how to sing. It was you who brought hope into their lives.
...Life must be quite difficult for them in reality, I imagine.
Whenever it's time to say goodbye to these kids, they're reluctant to leave. But, I've explored every corner of Dreamflux Reef, talked to everyone I met, and they all told me the same thing... This shattered dream is not worth clinging to.
I'm glad that you found a new life here in Penacony, it's just...
...And should our feathers be damaged, then we share our wings with one another.
There's no need to covet an illusory sky in dreams, because we have the right and the ability... to fly towards a broader horizon.
It's nice to see you all again, Astral Express crew. I heard my disappearance caused quite the commotion out there... I'm really sorry about that.
Ever since I returned to Penacony, my voice started to change, until it gradually faded away. At first, I thought it was a temporary ailment, perhaps due to having been away too long. I thought maybe it'd just take a some time for my body to acclimate to the high concentration of memoria in Asdana.
But now it seems... the root of the problem goes way beyond me. There are elements around me that don't align with the Harmony... and losing my voice is just one of the signs of the sweet dream's collapse.
While I was away from Penacony, the boundaries of the Twelve Dreamscapes kept expanding outward. But whenever I mentioned the anomalies in my dreams... all The Family heads refused to talk about it. Only my brother was willing to respond...
Later, I discovered the secret letters from the IPC ambassador, which further convinced me that there are hidden secrets beneath the surface of Penacony. So, following the clues in the Oak Family's dossiers, I found my way here...
...The land of the exiles, concealed by The Family under the guise of "Death", a dream within a dream where Penacony's past is buried.
I hate to admit it, but the "Harmony" in this place resonates more broadly than within the sweet dream...
It's regrettable, but The Family has experienced betrayal. The traitor, or traitors abandoned their original principles and, using the name of Harmony, exploited people's weaknesses to turn Penacony into the Planet of Festivities, trapping everyone in the illusion of the sweet dream...
This is not "the strong defending the weak", but rather "the strong exploiting the weak". A world without equality won't ever be favored by the Harmony, and naturally, those voices blessed by THEM... have lost the ability to sing.
I'd heard about what happened to the Xianzhou Alliance. But as far as I'm aware, The Family hasn't faced any such external interventions. Who knows, perhaps I've just been away too long and missed something.
Regardless, I cannot accept my home is moving towards the very opposite of what the Harmony represents, while still claiming to uphold it.
I must uncover the reason why Mikhail cut ties with The Family, and who exactly it was who betrayed us all. Do you remember our arrangement, Mr. Micah? Well, here's my answer...
— I've decided to forego my role, and never step foot on the Charmony Festival's stage again.
Look here, brother! A little bird!
It looks weak and frail... Why don't we find something soft and make a nest for it?
Okay! A bird like that must have a beautiful singing voice. But where will it live?
A cage... but then it won't have the freedom to fly, right?
I do... but I don't want to lock it up in a cage.
Even if it's small and not fully feathered, and can't sing... it didn't come into this world just to be locked up in a cage.
Birds... they should be flying free in the sky.
So, you mean, birds aren't born to fly, but they find a way to do it through their determination, right?
We will take good care of it, won't we, brother?
If their names are inscribed here, then that means...
As I suspected. It's the embodiment of The Family, the edifice that first materialized within the sweet dream... That's what turned Penacony into its current state.
To be honest, my brother and I are also victims of the Cancer of All Worlds. We grew up as orphans and were adopted by The Family when they came to help. Mr. Gopher Wood recognized our potential and brought us to Penacony.
But I can't just stand by and watch Mr. Gopher Wood become an enemy of the Harmony. I won't use my voice to support an evil cause...
I won't step on that stage and sing, no matter who the traitor is or what orders they give me. I won't let the Charmony Festival become an event that destroys Harmony itself...
For the paradise in our dreams.
Thank you all very much.
Brother...!
Brother... Brother...?
...Brother? Are you alright?
It has always been our wish to make everyone happy, so... we'll do our best to explain everything to the Dreammaster. I'm sure he'll understand.
Even if the negotiation does not go smoothly... I'll refuse to go on stage. Without the Chordmaster, the {RUBY_B#Embodiment of Harmony}Harmonious Choir{RUBY_E#} would not arrive, and the Charmony Festival would be just a grand performance, and nothing more.
Perhaps you'll be the first guest to meet the Dreammaster in years, Mr. Yang.
It's about time. We'll have to get ready for the meeting... I apologize for any inconvenience caused by the urgency.
Wait, is that... me?
Selling everything you had? Why would you go to such lengths?
Is this... truly "living"...?
It's going smoothly. Thanks for making the trip to join the Festival.
But if this went on forever... would it get boring too?
But... you know that only a few things can be brought back from the Dreamscape to reality, right?
...I see. I genuinely wish you all the happiness in the world.
*sigh*
She had a valid point, and I could sense her genuine happiness. It's just that...
Well, she did make mention of being able to "afford a room"... didn't she?
No, and the paradise we yearn for... shouldn't be just a fleeting dream either.
The scenery in this Dreamscape is truly breathtaking, isn't it?
A philosophical mind... I hope I'm not intruding.
It's my pleasure. No need to be formal — just speak your mind. You said "with little time left"... Please forgive me for being blunt, but is that why you came to Penacony?
How heart-wrenching... I hope The Family has been able to help you.
So... you'll be living forever in this Dreamscape, right?
That old man's story... it's so tragic. Fortunately, this sweet dream gives him joyful memories to hold onto for the rest of his life.
However, even the sweet dream has its limitations. While it provides solace to the disillusioned, it can't completely eliminate pain in reality.
...
This is the land of the dreams, but why do they live like this?
The man we ran into... he doesn't seem happy at all.
Even though sweet dreams are nice, they're just illusions. But for him, they're the only way to survive, even if it means giving up on reality... That's not really living at all.
...Why do you say that?
Are you suggesting that... this is not how things should be?
...
Perhaps that man is just an exception. Let's not jump to conclusions. We should experience the Dreamscape ourselves, just as I did at Dreamflux Reef.
I've heard that a skilled Masked Fool received an invitation too... That must be you, right? Did you enjoy yourself?
Now that you've had your fun, it'd be wise to leave before it's too late. The music of the Harmony doesn't tolerate discord.
Our paradise is none of your concern, Masked Fool. Leave now, or The Family won't tolerate you anymore.
...
...I had surmised as much. I knew you wouldn't have avoided mentioning the bird for no reason.
Despite that unfortunate outcome, I still believe it was the right decision. Birds aren't meant to spend their lives in cages... They belong in the sky, even if they can't fly.
Are you implying... that the same goes for humans too?
That's just sophistry. If that were true, then only the powerful would have the right to determine the future.
That's why we should care for the weak and support them as if their suffering were our own... That's what the Odes of Harmony have always taught us.
But if people don't live for the future, do they merely exist for survival? If even you, my brother, don't believe that the Harmony will save the weak, then which Aeon can make our dreams come true?
Okay. By the way, brother, I heard you no longer have a sweet tooth. Back when we were kids, you used to steal my desserts...
Seems like a lot has changed during my absence. What exactly happened?
But that "someone" doesn't have to be you or anyone in particular. You're carrying too much on your shoulders, brother.
The paradise in our dreams... it shouldn't be like this.
Penacony is nothing more than a dream. It can't erase the worries and pain of reality or bring true happiness... It only offers an escape from reality. Nothing more.
That might be true, but... even without Penacony, he could have chosen another path. As far as I know, the Intelligentsia Guild has been promoting their rehabilitation techniques for a long time now.
That path may have been more ordinary and challenging, but now, he is receiving {RUBY_B#sweet dream}hospice care{RUBY_E#} in a comatose state, and his fate... is sealed.
Is Penacony granting these people a future, or is it taking it away from them?
Yeah, we took care of it — provided food and water, and groomed its feathers. And later... when I decided to leave Penacony, I opened the cage and set it free.
Indeed, Dreammaster. Once the Charmony Festival begins, the Stellaron's powers, along with the song will be broadcast across the entire planet of Penacony... And then, everyone in their dreams will be unable to awaken.
Dreammaster, it's just to prove that the Charmony Festival has nothing to do with the Stellaron. If we're being overly cautious... I will return to the stage to offer tribute in song, just per the arrangement.
I will do as you command.
What...?
So this is the true reason I can't sing? The shadow that envelops Penacony is actually...
Finally, you've arrived.
I woke up for the same reason as all of you. In the dream, I experienced something that could never occur in reality...
Are we going to lock it up in a cage? I want to see it fly freely in the sky.
No, but...
...Huh?
...The illusion was so impossibly blissful that I realized it was just a dream.
And this is our final hope. Ena's Dream is founded upon the Harmonious Choir, namely everyone's shared wishes. It will only materialize once the aspirations of all beings in Penacony merge as one.
At present, it has become impervious due to people's desire to remain slumbering within the dream. And in order to destroy it...
We must make everyone in Penacony want to wake up.
Once the Dreamscape is swayed, I'll complete the second step. I'll fine-tune the slumbering souls with the song of the Harmony, interrupting them with the discord of "Trailblaze" and guiding them towards reality.
It's true that some people are born strong, and others are born weak. If the Trailblaze is the target of heroes, then the Harmony will guarantee that the strong help the weak. Only the people of Penacony themselves can be the saviors of their homeland.
Their path of happiness should be forged by themselves. While I may not be a Nameless, I'm willing to instill courage in all those who need it.
This includes my brother as well. Ena's Dream... is too cruel for him, and everyone else.
Ena's Dream... is too cruel for him, and everyone else.
Brother... The weakness of humanity cannot be redeemed by others.
Brother, you have heard their cries... This is not the paradise they hoped for.
Even if that star... must hang in a perpetual night of solitude?
Stop it... You want to achieve the paradise we promised, but the Order is not the only choice!
True happiness and the meaning of life lie in defying the Nihility and embracing all that life offers!
But if I can't sing... what meaning does a stage have?
The choir starts. "Inhale." They sing. "Now Exhale." They chant. Instinct compels, and the stagnant fluid in your chest begins to flow again.
Brother, I'm back.
It's fine. Don't worry.
I... know.
Brother, you seem to be in low spirit... What's happened? Is it because of the Watchmaker's guest list?
I can't believe this has happened. Was... someone killed again?
Excuse me, are you talking about the Clock Studios Theme Park incident?
Heh, no need to worry. I apologize for any inconvenience caused to your delightful dream journey. What you just mentioned about the chips really piqued my interest. Would you mind providing more details about the incident?
And then those chips simply disappeared? Ah, it appears... to be the DreamSim Tech the Iris Family has been developing.
Shh — this technology hasn't been made public yet. It was originally planned to debut at the Charmony Festival, but it seems it's been leaked.
Can you help me keep this secret? The raining chips... were supposed to be part of my act.
Thank you! As appreciation, I'd like to give you a token gift.
Press it at just the right moment in the celebration, and there could be an unexpected treat in store for you.
All right. It looks like there are other guests who are also confused. I'll have to excuse myself — please enjoy the Dreamscape.
It appears the good sir has seen many great events, and it's true that an uninvited guest has unexpectedly entered the Dreamscape.
However, their target is not the ordinary guests, but the ambassadors of the IPC. The Family will certainly ensure that the safety of the guests is of the highest importance.
But as you can see, sir, no innocent bystanders were affected in this incident.
Perhaps the Dreamscape is not as perfect as promised. But there's no place safer than dreams under The Family's rule. I believe you know this better than I do. If this incident happened in real life, how many people would be able to walk away from it?
Of course. With the Charmony Festival about to commence, we will spare no effort in our preparations, rest assured. To express our apologies, The Family has arranged this gift for the guests. Thank you for understanding.
Hello. May I ask what happened here?
Hey, don't sweat it. You guys have a tough job, I know how it is. How's the situation looking?
I trust you guys. But... regarding what happened in the theme park, what do you Hounds think about it? It's okay. Feel free to speak your mind.
Thank you all for your loyalty towards The Family. The Planet of Festivities has indeed run into some trouble. The representative from the IPC... He's trying to regain ownership of Penacony, and is prepared for a hostile takeover.
Of course, The Family did not agree. The result of the failed negotiations... is as you see it now.
Don't worry. Mr. Sunday is currently tracking his whereabouts and he'll have something to show for it soon. However, given the situation, the IPC surely won't let this go easily. Therefore, we are relying on you Hounds to maintain the order and stability of the Dreamscape.
Thank you for your hard work. If there are any other members who still feel uneasy, please tell them on my behalf that protecting the Dreamscape requires everyone's help.
This is a small gift prepared by the Iris Family for the guests — there's one for you too. Please open it at the Charmony Festival for an unexpected surprise!
I didn't expect to meet a fan here. I'm honored. Welcome to Penacony, a world filled with wonderful dreams.
Preparation is important, but the ceremony is fundamentally about sharing the Great One's harmony with everyone. If there's a chance to sing with everyone, I will not refuse.
Regarding the recent mishap... I understand it negatively impacted some of our guests. As a member of The Family, it's only right for me to come forward and offer my apologies to everyone.
Everyone, please do not panic. I believe that The Family will give everyone a satisfactory answer in due time.
...
Ugh, some people just never listen, do they? It's never-ending. It just goes on and on... I'm getting really tired of this.
Still, I suppose I should keep on helping everyone, I am the epitome of "joy, kindness, and goodness," after all.
So many people talking about it, this commotion at the theme park definitely made waves...
Look who we have here? A lovely young lady.
Brother! What a surprise to see you again.
We were supposed... to fly into the sky together.
Hehe, go — find all those clues your judge friend left behind. Find the talismans...
It seems like we're ready. Now, we just have to get out.
Hehe, see? I told you I'd help you. The way out is straight ahead. Just keep going...
The stronger you are, the more you underestimate your enemies... sometimes being weak and humble is the way to survive.
Ugh, these pawns are no fun. Why don't you join in too, hmm?
G—Get out!
Are you insane? Why are you helping humans!?
Uwhaaaa—!!!
You can trust me. I want to leave this place, too. We are useful to each other.
In any case, It doesn't matter if you don't trust me. It's not like you can be rid of me, hahaha.
Hey, use your eyes... I made the talismans float. Pay attention!
There are so many paper dolls over there. Surely your judge friend left some clues for you. Won't you take a look?
Hey, hey! I'm trying to help you. Go and look at the clues.
...Do I have to make you drag yourself over there?
Do you understand? This story of the supernatural is in the illusory maze for a reason. It contains the clue to help us get out of here. Come back and read it again if you need to.
You can call me Cirrus. As for what I want... rest assured — I only want to leave this place... I have no desire to harm you.
You can call me Cirrus. I only want to leave this place... I have no desire to harm you.
You can call me Cirrus. I only want to leave this place... I have no desire to harm you.
Allow me to explain what's happening... The Xianzhou natives call it a "ghost lock." You're walking in a circle, and no amount of walking will get you out of it.
So, I'm going to help you break free of the circle that Furynox created, and you're going to help me evade the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission. It's a win-win... How does that sound?
You must have figured out that I'm not the master of this place... It was created by another heliobus named Furynox.
Unfortunately, I'm the only one who can help you escape from here.
You mean the talismans left behind by "little lost fox judge"? Those won't help you.
Now that I'm possessing you, I can make you see things that you couldn't see before.
Good. I'm glad we understand each other.
What a stubborn fool — you won't ever get out of here without my help. Anyway, I'm not here to ask your opinion.
As a courtesy, I shall leave you intact, for the time being... As soon as I get what I want, I'll be gone.
Now, go and look at those talismans again — the paper dolls. You'll know where to go.
Stop. Do you remember our deal? You need to help me evade capture.
Ha! THAT judge? I can taste her fear from miles away! That coward has no right calling herself a judge.
But... that thing attached to her is the tricky part. That's something I don't wish to face.
Ugh... Is this what humans call "sympathy"? How acerbic. Yuck...
Mm, I can taste your integrity — such a rich flavor. A little hard to digest...
Aren't you a stubborn one? But that's okay. You'll come around once you've walked a few more circles in this place.
Forget about the judge — just get us both out of here.
(Hehe... Did you know that the larynx is the easiest muscle to control in the human body?)
(Why don't you take a guess?)
(Oh, but you did... and can you swear that you don't want to leave her behind? Not even a little?)
(Beast? From a taxonomic perspective, I believe you're closer to that definition...)
(Oh, you're not gonna fight back anymore? Then let me make up some lines. Just be good and say it with me.)
Ahhhh, what a feast! Human emotions are simply delicious. Your sorrowful tears are like bottles of potent wine~
Hehe, I'm simply enjoying my freedom. Didn't you use the talisman already? I'm tame as a kitten...
Does the Xianzhou sail through the cosmos?
For a heliobus that enjoys provoking your weak human sentiments, I can assure you there is nothing more amusing.
Now, don't forget about our deal. I will leave only once I've got what I wanted.
Of course. Surely you don't think I've left you just because you can see me? So naive!
What a pity that "Mr. Tail" is nothing like he used to be. If we still had our old power, we could forget about this maze and devour its creator, Furynox.
Well, "Mr. Tail," seems she knows nothing about your past... Little missy, do you know why the heliobi are gathered in this abandoned garden instead of seizing human habitations?
...
Because over a thousand years ago, this very garden was the site of an epic battle between the general of the Luofu and the great heliobus Ignamar.
Now that the furnace is broken and the heliobi have escaped, fragments like us, who once constituted Ignamar the whole, have returned here — with the desire to challenge the general again.
The battle between the general and Ignamar was an earth-shaking contest of devastating proportions! Ignamar underwent countless transformations, causing floods, fires, and thunderous landslides... They were locked in a standoff — an evenly matched fight!
Of course!
The general who fought for the Luofu against the heliobus was named "Teng Xiao."
Of course the human records would flatter their general!
The great Ignamar absorbed the power of countless fellow heliobi, but ultimately underestimated human deceit... They were narrowly defeated by the general.
We heliobi could never condense into physical form after that battle. We scattered into fragments and were sealed into the Creation Furnace...
...but there's an exception to everything. "Mr. Tail," I thought you'd escaped to freedom... Who could've guessed you'd be sealed in this tiny foxian girl? Humiliating...
Hilarious! It's a pity "Mr. Tail" didn't devour you... He might've recovered his power and turned the Xianzhou upside down... just like Ignamar did!
Why? Does there have to be a reason?
The official answer is that the Xianzhou is sealing heliobi in a cage and forcing them to supply energy to the ship... In reality, however, we just want to fight the general... and see what the Xianzhou is truly made of!
Grudge? How shallow. If you must know the forces behind our actions...
...there's a pinch of envy — envy towards the potent emotions you corporeal beings have. Then there's a dash of aggression — the desire to see whether the heliobi or bodies of flesh and blood are stronger. Lastly, there's a drizzle of desire. We desire to possess your physical bodies, so we can eat, kill, love, and hate.
We heliobi were carefree lifeforms, but were tainted with the illness of humanity once we came into contact with it. It's humanity's fault for having such intense emotions and desires — now, we can never, never return to the purity of our past.
I want to be free again! I want to return to the cosmos! Mr. Tail, you don't want to regroup with the fragments, and you don't want to be her tail forever — why don't you return with me to the great beyond?
Hehehe, no wonder she's a judge. Very perceptive...
Hehe, "Mr. Tail," puny fragments like us were deprived of Ignamar's power long ago... If a little girl can subdue us, then perhaps it's time for some humility.
You have a sound plan, Your Honor... and since the stage is set, allow me to offer my assistance. Let's find somewhere more open first... like Swallowsong Pavilion, over there.
You can believe whatever you like. I just want to get out of here. That's all I want.
Yes, yes, you're right. I can't escape. Do you trust me now?
You've heard the story of Ignamar and the great heliobus's glorious fight against the general. They were an entity born of many heliobi fusing together...
...but heliobi are gradually tainted by the emotions and desires of those we possess. We tend to spite each other and don't like to fuse together — it's like having multiple personalities inside a single head. It leads to "infighting..."
A powerful heliobus like Ignamar or Furynox might be able to swallow a lesser heliobus and placate them for a while...
...but this internal balance is easily broken when exposed to external forces — just like how we were torn apart and reborn after Ignamar fought the general.
Why? Must heliobi always have a reason for their behavior? Perhaps I don't want Furynox to devour me. Perhaps I dislike idiots who use force and nothing else. Perhaps I wish to fight the general myself...
...or maybe I just want to do a favor for the Ten-Lords Commission that will ensure I can leave here in one piece?
How conventional. Fine, I accept... but you better keep your promise, puppet.
Hehe, me and Furynox were "furnacemates..." I know them well. They are powerful, but as naive as a child and obsessed with victory. I only need to say three things to incite them.
See? Easy-peasy.
Oh, do puppets feel empathy? Or do you not wish to defeat Furynox anymore? We heliobi think of such matters as business transactions. As long as something can bring us victory, we will destroy everything — even allies and kin.
Make the decision. Furynox's pawns — your companions — must be destroyed.
Muahahahaha⁓
Thank you, Your Honors, for helping me clear so many obstacles and collect so many heliobus fragments.
Already forgetting me?
Tsk, your human tongues are no less poisonous than ours.
Heliobi are faced with only a single punishment — eternal imprisonment. They can lock me up, but they can't kill me.
Kid? As a spiritfarer, he's already experienced more than you could in a lifetime.
For as long as I'm sealed in the matrix, I will inhabit this body. The judges can stick as many talismans and pour as much enchanted water on this flesh as they like — I don't care. As long as they want to save their own, I still have a bargaining chip.
I have lived for countless years. I existed before the Alliance was even an idea. And once the Alliance has turned to dust, I will continue to exist for countless more Amber Eras.
I can wait. I'll wait for humans to let their guard down. I'll wait till the matrix drawn over Fyxestroll Garden collapses. Time and opportunity will always be on my side.
...We will meet again.
I wasn't the only heliobus to escape when the Creation Furnace was destroyed... there are more of us than the mere few in Fyxestroll Garden. Where are they now? And what will they do to the Luofu?
I look forward to seeing how the Ten-Lords Commission responds in the coming days...
I know what you want to ask. Yes, it does amuse me to make a little girl cry, and no, I haven't left your body. There, now you can save your breath.
Hmm, so many bronze mirrors. Could it be that...
Come to laugh at me again, have you, little brat?
I'm not in the mood for your chatter — go away!
Ugh, this tedium... even the insects can't hold my attention any longer. I wonder if these ones will prove to be more entertaining?
Oh, if it isn't the little girl who fainted in Fyxestroll Garden the moment she encountered the heliobi? Already talking to me like a detective, are you?
Hmph, there are plenty of beings in this garden that would like to kill me... Why don't you line up one-by-one and take turns trying?
What do you want from me, little fox girl? You want to know what happened to the guard dog? He turned to ashes a long time ago!
Hahaha... You want me to assist you and betray my own kind?
...I can do that — under one condition... I wish to arrange a challenge — one akin to the struggle between the great heliobus Ignamar and the general of the Luofu. As long as you can bring me the current general... anything can be negotiated.
What, is that too much to ask? It seems the judge here doesn't have what it takes to negotiate with a heliobus!
I have never seen this one before... Human, who are you?
...This is the current general of the Luofu?
Look at that expression — he's barely half-awake! Where is General Teng Xiao? Why did he choose such a lightweight to take over for him? I suppose it's already too late for the Xianzhou to rid themselves of this clown...
Very well then, General Jing Yuan — how about we settle our score right here in Fyxestroll Garden? If I win, I must be free to come and go as I please...
...What? You refuse? You won't fight me!?
He comes here after I demand a rematch, and won't even fight... Is he conceding that I already won? No, there can be no victory in eschewing combat — human logic negates it...
WHAT!? UNWORTHY!?
...Your army?
...So I only need to beat your pawns here?
...
It's a deal! The game is set — this platform will be our chessboard, and the fighters will be the pieces!
Hmph, don't get complacent — if I had all of Ignamar's power, I'd never have lost to the likes of you!
Then what are we waiting for!
Pesky devil of a girl... Alright, what's your question?
There are countless heliobi that escaped from the Creation Furnace, and every one of them could have done such a thing. It could have been vengeance, curiosity, or simply hunger... So how would I know which one abducted your Dragon Lady?
Of course, I do have my suspicions. For example, Luxie...
Disbelieve it if you like — that's up to you. Unlike humans, I get no joy from telling lies.
Luxie loves mischief. They give no thought to interfering in mortal affairs — their only concerns are entertainment and freedom. Among all the fragments of Ignamar, the one most likely to abduct your precious Dragon Lady... would be Luxie.
We were sealed away for a thousand years — it's been ages since we last tasted the joys and sorrows of the world of humans. I'm sure Luxie was eager to find a new friend and wander the world with them.
Hey! We're not done here! You still owe me a fight!
You bunch of meat bags! One minor victory and you think you're something special! Come on, show me what you've got!
This boredom is killing me... the only entertainment I have around here is watching the insects fly by.
The Ten-Lords Commission judges won't abandon one of their own... but they won't let me off the hook either.
So now I'm stuck here, condemned to eternal boredom. Hehe, I wonder which will last longer — the lifespan of my jailors, or the patience of a heliobus...
In any case, time is on my side, so long as the Xianzhou are willing to maintain some facade of humanity.
Surrender? Why would I do that? To you, I may as well be fighting an unwinnable battle — wasting my time away in someone else's body...
...but for me, the game has only just begun. The Ten-Lords Commission doesn't have any moves left... and I still have time to turn the game in my favor.
You know, it wasn't that long ago that you and those judges would have become my pawns — if it wasn't for that meddling guard dog...
If you have nothing to say, then run along and let me be.
Bring me the current general of the Luofu, and we can talk.
Are you done running around yet?
Hah, spare me! Have you forgotten that I once controlled you like a puppet?
I provided you with information as promised — why am I still empty-handed?
Tsk, don't bother me again until you're ready to fight!
You'll be begging for a rematch later... just you wait.
Hmph, trying to humiliate me with lowly pawns...
No matter then, I have my pawns to play...
Heed my command!
Receive my power!
Now you will experience the might of the heliobi!
So, you imprisoned Luxie in the matrix... and I heard the cries of other heliobi longing to break free.
It would seem the Ten-Lords Commission has everything under control... What is it you want from me?
Outside the confines of our agreement, you would be unwise to attack.
You have managed to disgust me still further...
Don't be so sure of victory before the battle begins, young one. Without Tail to protect you, isn't subduing a heliobus a bit overwhelming for you?
You know, if you can accept me with an open heart... I can take his place and help you.
Of course.
Oh?
Then have it your way — I'll destroy Jing Yuan's pawns here and now!
Ask your question.
Entering the Xianzhou's window to the future... It must be none other than Keralum.
They always relished hounding your prophets and seers with questions of destiny — watching them flounder between the random and the pre-ordained.
Hahaha, that pile of protein in your human skull is computationally inefficient — your conjectures on destiny are little more than analogies and illusions...
...but we, The Shapeless, are different. When we come together to harmonize and observe, destiny is clear and vivid as firelight cast into darkness.
In warfare, nothing is more important than being able to predict your opponent's movements. Among the fragments of Ignamar, Keralum was in charge of knowing the past and predicting the future.
It is said that during that fateful battle, Keralum had a premonition of failure, but Ignamar ignored their warnings.
I may not have the same predictive power as Keralum, little fox girl... but one thing I do know is that sooner or later, you will beg for my help.
Time will tell!
Lonely? Nothing to do? Shall I wake you up?
If you have something to say then say it!
If you open your heart to me, I can take you to witness your destiny.
...Forget it. I don't like tasting the same dish twice — the same goes for possessions.
You're the one who brought it up.
If it's destiny you wish to discuss, I might as well tell you that I never think on it, or anything of the sort.
Everything in this world will come to an end. It could be a trillion years from now, or tomorrow afternoon. It could be as a result of Nanook's pawns, or a sigh from the Nihility, or something else entirely...
Eventually, this universe will be over, and all the species — long and short-life together — all of them will end up in the same place. It is inevitable.
But does the knowledge of this fact change anything? What does it have to do with you?
If you knew the Luofu were to perish tomorrow, would you skip dinner tonight? The flame of the heliobi will be extinguished in the hot silence of the universe... but that won't stop me from burning today...
Destiny... why should a fish worry about where the river flows?
You should be paying me for the privilege.
Don't let your previous victory go to your heads...
...the slightest misstep will be your undoing!
Let's see how you perform without the general here to watch your back...
I will never rest...
Your mortal bodies will fatigue and breathe their last breath... and I will endure.
Come to laugh at me again, have you, little brat?
I'm not in the mood for your chatter — go away!
Naturally. Among the heliobi, Apyra manifests the courage and warring spirit of Ignamar — they are the most aggressive of all the fragments... but who is this swordmaster? Who is Yanqing?
Hee-hee, no wonder I smell a hint of sadness in you... In order to rescue his incompetent apprentice, the master must fight on the battlefield himself? I must say, I'm very envious of Apyra...
Then you should hurry — Apyra has an insatiable bloodlust. Once they've enslaved your mind, they can make you turn against your friends, your kin... even your own master.
Go. I don't wish to delay your deathmatch with your apprentice.
Well, well, insects who don't know when to quit. I sense you have questions... Go on, ask away.
How careless... Your companion vanishes right under your noses, and you fail to notice. Why am I the one you're pestering?
Ooh, how threatening, hehe... Save your breath, I know your tactics.
Let's cut to the chase. I do know something about it.
Believe it or not, while you were distracted, she came and found me. She asked me if I knew where "Mr. Tail" was, and I simply gave her a clue...
She searched high and low, but came back empty-handed, of course. If only you could have seen her expression — simultaneously terrified and desperate to know more — utterly hilarious!
In the end, I became fed up with her constant nagging. I told her that her beloved Tail had splintered and been reduced to an ember without a single memory... You should've seen her face!
Aw, does it hurt? You'll be pleased to know I didn't drag out the suffering. I told her that her Tail was hiding in Cloudford — preparing to flee the Xianzhou on a starskiff.
I started feeling sorry for her. Out of pity I told her that her Tail was hiding in Cloudford — preparing to flee the Xianzhou on a starskiff.
I also told her that the Ten-Lords Commission was in the process of recapturing all the heliobi. If she were to turn to you for help, "Mr. Tail" would be imprisoned — even if she managed to find him. Looks like she took the bait...
Maybe I do, maybe I don't. But I have no doubt about one thing: my friends are ready and waiting for her in Cloudford!
I tricked you, didn't I?
You should have faith in your friend... Perhaps Huohuo is safe and sound — perhaps she's managed to subdue the heliobi? If you rush to Cloudford, there's still a chance you might find her...
Tsk, tsk, if it isn't the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission — sluggish as ever.
Oh, and is that "Mr. Tail"? Back to being a guard dog I see — how delightful... This calls for a celebration!
Still, after our last encounter, I've no intention of including you in my plans. To see Ignamar's most powerful fragment now burdened with emotions pains me. It's a pity, but you've become expendable.
Leave? That was never my plan. I came to Fyxestroll Garden for one reason, and one reason alone — to fight the Luofu's formidable general.
He seemed fond of playing the waiting game — I merely capitalized on that. While you were all out on a wild goose chase, I rallied other heliobi to my cause, thereby increasing my strength!
Thanks to all of you, I've amassed the power of every heliobus sealed within Fyxestroll Garden. All I need to do now is wait for the general to make his grand entrance.
Before that happens, I should keep my end of the bargain: destroying you without leaving a trace.
So, general, you've finally decided to show up. Ready to face the music?
...I concede.
I am no Ignamar... I'm nothing... nothing more than a faint flicker.
Listening to a winner feign humility is enough to make one sick.
I have been bested, it's true... I only sought to lock horns with you, regardless of victory or defeat. Next...
Hehe, so be it...
Mountains will crumble, oceans will evaporate, but the heliobi will always be there, patiently waiting for their day of freedom... and that day will come.
As long as the generals of the Xianzhou live, my battle against them will continue, until the stars themselves burn out.
Still here, huh? Then I guess you're not too concerned about your friend.
Organic life's unrelenting search to understand the realm of inner spirituality is something I both admire and envy. Inorganic life has no mechanism to evoke dreams. But when my mechanical impulses are activated, my inspiration circuits will start to operate, and I will enter a state defined as "imagination".
Every time, within the realm of imagination, there emerges a fire from the shadows. It is warm, bright. I frequently ponder, this flame might represent the essence of intelligence — a cluster of inspiration ignited by high temperatures. The future direction of the universe may well lie within it.
Alas, they are nothing but projections of my thought system to me — desired, but unattainable. But after learning of Penacony's accomplishments, I have come to realize that the flame is not beyond my grasp.
After deliberations with my partners, we have decided to defer the progress of the Simulated Universe project, and instead assist the Intelligentsia Guild as technological consultants in the research of the Dreamscape and Memory Zone, so that these assets may be better used to serve humanity.
I apologize. I'm 4 minutes and 13 seconds earlier than the appointed time. I hope it's not a bother.
No need for formalities, Asta. Herta Space Station is where knowledge converges. Here, we celebrate the equality of thought.
Such collaboration between organic lifeforms is magnificent and efficient — you're rebuilding the space station far quicker than I could have imagined.
That sounds lovely. But I do have a meeting with Herta, so let's put the new surprises on hold for now.
Sure.
And you are...
Haha, judging by this fellow's surprised reaction, you must be the one Herta is always talking about.
She's quite curious about you, as am I. What is it like to live in symbiosis with a Stellaron? I hope we'll have sufficient time in the future to get to know each other and answer this question.
Herta, I've made my decision.
Question: What have we invested into this project? Hundreds of system hours, the resources of an entire planet, and the most advanced technology in the entire universe.
And what have we gotten in return? Unknowns, confusion, and a series of errors.
In the beginning, we defined the Simulated Universe as a miniature world that could be used to discover the traces of the Aeons. But now, it's become something far removed from its original purpose.
I adore the vast amount of knowledge, but I cannot accept that the Simulated Universe remains simply a pending contract waiting to be attended to.
Herta, think about it. How many surprises has this project given you? And how many disappointments has it given you?
...
Herta, I don't mean to question you, nor do I want to deny the hard work you've put forth for the Simulated Universe.
I just want to give more room for knowledge and inspiration to grow freely.
This all started with me — I was the one that brought up the request to end our academic collaboration. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Herta or the project. The Simulated Universe is a great experiment and Herta is a true genius.
However, we have our differences when it comes down to our long-term vision for the future. These differences will often manifest into bias, and bias will get in the way of the formulation of knowledge.
Deep down, I want to continue to believe in Herta... the question is whether one should end a collaboration that no longer holds true to its initial intent. From an objective standpoint, I should end it immediately.
Are you worried about her mental state?
Judging by the result, I have failed to choose the most suitable time to raise this matter.
Then I'm glad I haven't caused you vexation on her behalf.
Thank you for the humor. It is good for tense moments like these.
The emotions of organic life are like tides — it is my fault for not noticing the trajectory of the moon. Let Herta be alone for a while so she can calm her emotions. It'll be beneficial for our negotiations later as well.
As for the Simulated Universe... If that's the reason you're here, maybe I can help in answering your questions.
Hmm. Search: Bonfire in the depths of the woods. A lone stone sword points to the stars... "Punklorde Mentality"? That is no ordinary curio, my friend.
Hehe, conversing with you is truly a delightful experience.
It is a planet made of data and symbols. The edges of reality and illusion are blurred in Punklorde, as are its days and nights.
An "Aether Cartridge" is a chip that Punklordian hackers use to edit reality. The ways through which a hacker perceives and modifies the world are recorded on the chip.
It's a recording of the hacker's life and proof of their existence. The one on the space station belonged to someone truly legendary.
He became a Galaxy Ranger by accident and spent many long years traveling among the stars. He encountered countless fascinating individuals and saw wonders witnessed by few.
Many of the records and details recorded therein are beyond the knowledge of even the IPC and the Intelligentsia Guild. That is why it became part of the masses of calculation data for the Simulated Universe.
Yes. No need to worry, my friend. The cartridge has never left the space station.
It's as I said – it is a very important reference for the Simulated Universe — that is why its data has been extracted and added to the calculations of the universe model.
Herta was probably impulsive and added the cartridge into the simulation without telling anyone, resulting in the item being listed as lost.
I understand your concern. If the individual in question did indeed try to hack into Herta's office, then the Simulated Universe is undoubtedly her next target.
As you already know, the Simulated Universe will be shut down temporarily. It will remain shut until Herta and I come to a clear conclusion.
Yes, this is the last chance to investigate the cartridge data.
By way of apology for shutting down the Simulated Universe, I will use my abilities in the Universe to provide you with what assistance I can.
This is my recommendation. Please take your time to consider it.
Please, ask away. I welcome all forms of curiosity and the pursuit of knowledge.
Yes. There are other concerns besides those I've mentioned.
I believe that the miracles inside the Simulated Universe have the right to grow and develop organically. The will of others shouldn't be imposed upon it, just like in the actual universe.
The more Herta tries, the further she moves away from the Universe that she had hoped for. Conclusion: The endless iterations of the Simulated Universe are wearing down her talents, day by day.
I hope to free my dear friend from it.
They are a group that carries a balance scale with them at all times. They believe all the justice in the universe needs to be achieved through individual deeds.
That was the most suitable way of describing the Galaxy Rangers in my interpretation.
They are directed by the Path of The Hunt and are always accompanied by song and the sound of horns. They pursue justice for the individuals and groups they encounter along the way, and shower them with splendid wines and poems.
However, all stories come to an end, just as they disappeared from the spotlight long ago.
There is a group of lifeforms there that know nothing of fatigue. They are attempting to touch upon the umbilical cord of the truth.
They are compiling the languages, thoughts, and even emotions of the entire planet into symbols that even inorganic lifeforms can understand.
You see, in the vast sea of data, life exists only in one form: a line of code. Whether it's a butterfly, a whale, or even you — the length of that line of code dictates the boundaries of what the entity entails.
I've always thought of you that way.
Please, it's only a metaphor.
Maybe the emotions of organic lifeforms are an expression of data, don't you think?
Very well, get going we shall.
I will be sending you into the Simulated Universe using an alternative method. It might feel a little different than usual.
This will help us quickly locate the cartridge in the vast sea of data. We'll start with this data link. Now, please prepare yourself for a deep dive with your consciousness...
Take your time, I'll be waiting.
That's the communication module doing its job — Herta often speaks of it as an expensive and impractical function. She often shuts it off to increase calculating power.
However, I maintain that the voice carries greater emotional charge than the written word.
I'll be staying on the outside — I need to make sure the system projections remain stable. Mr. Leonard is here as well. There's no need to worry. We will guarantee your safety.
You are now inside the data link of the Aether Cartridge. Look around and tell me what you discover.
That is a normal reaction. Most organic lifeforms will experience discomfort after undergoing beacon projection. What do you see?
Hacker?
Oh...
Conclusion: That is a holographic record that the Simulated Universe has created. In here, regardless of how large or small, all variables are saved, including outsider traces.
You were right. The enemy's invasion has spread to the deepest parts of the Simulated Universe. They were only a hair away from the Aether Cartridge's data link. What we are seeing are the projections of what happened in those moments.
I initiated the Simulation flow. This is just a record of the past — she's not actually talking to you.
Please listen and don't interrupt her. We may be able to find out more of what we need to know.
It is safe to assume that two people entered the Simulated Universe — her, and her companion.
Interesting. Let's see what happened next.
You are now taking the point of view of the companion. She will react to your behavior now.
Technically, she is asking her companion to choose. The record will continue forward even if you don't take any action.
It's a nice thing to have a companion who likes to talk, isn't it?
Yes. This is a visual record. No doubt about it.
She's actually on the correct path. She just needs to continue a little further — I trust that she too will realize this soon.
Indeed. However, objectively speaking, it is almost certain that she will.
What has happened is destined to happen again — that was my conclusion after having met her.
We've met only once.
Stellaron Hunter, Silver Wolf. We've fought against one another before. Herta was there as well — she may have mentioned it to you.
From my point of view, it wasn't a victory.
In Herta's words, there was no loser in that fight.
It was more like a test than a duel. She would attack, and I would defend — neither of us gave it our all. She wasn't able to break through my defenses and I wasn't able to stop her from leaving.
I never thought our next meeting would take place under these circumstances. I believe the continuation of our last encounter will soon arrive.
Seems like we can now continue forward.
Hehe, she's talking about that portrait in the elevator room, no? Herta commissioned me to design an encryption tool for her — seems she ended up using it on her portrait.
That's correct. The Aether Cartridge data is in the next room. Our pursuit is coming to an end.
Yes. That incongruous feeling has persisted throughout this long pursuit.
She came for the Stellaron but showed a strong interest in the curios... And just as we found out about the existence of the Aether Cartridge, she just so happened to show up in the Simulated Universe.
I must admit, this feels less like a chase and more like a chance encounter.
I recall a story about Punklorde. It is said that graffiti is a special kind of symbol there. Hackers see reality as a magnificent game and attempt to finish the stage we know as "life."
Whether it be for competition or for joy, they leave a trail in the places they visit. One symbol after another link up to become a long, long journey that writes the game of life.
And would this ongoing affair not be part of such an endeavour? Perhaps this is all nothing more than a game she's decided to play with us...
...in which case — let us accompany her till the end.
Look, we found it. The Aether Cartridge is here and it's perfectly intact.
There is an unwelcome third party here with us.
If what we are seeing constitutes past images of Silver Wolf, then for her to have made it this far would've entailed the disappearance of the cartridge. We can only assume that the facts don't align with the theory.
I believe that she was indeed able to hack into Herta's office, but she didn't stay there for very long.
After all, even the best hacker wouldn't be able to find a specified target in the vast ocean of the Simulated Universe's data. Unless...
You've guessed correctly. The person that stands before you is tonight's starring role.
She left herself a back door in the office, performed a proxy hack the moment you entered the Simulated Universe, and found a way to continue alongside us.
I must say, she really is a masterful actor. Misdirection is always the most effective method.
The graffiti is like a two-way data tunnel. You can use it to retrace the trail she leaves behind, and she can monitor your progress by seeing which pieces of graffiti have disappeared.
I fear she may well have had the whole thing planned out before hacking the space station. The graffiti and the back door were all in aid of honing in on just the right moment.
I'm sorry — Herta forbade me from disclosing any information beforehand. She made clear that knowledge would not be paramount to this operation, but rather the lack of it.
However, the way I see it, the most important elements were dedication and sincerity — the actions of Mr. Leonard drew the target right in.
Well then, were you satisfied with this Simulated Universe journey...
...Miss Silver Wolf?
It is a joy and an honor to have the opportunity to face off against you once again. Herta said that this cartridge would be able to lure in the biggest fishes in the universe — she was right.
That is up to you to interpret — Herta and I have always been frank with one another. Sharp conversations of that nature happen on a regular basis. It wouldn't be fitting to call it an act.
Miss Silver Wolf is truly a talented hacker. Not only did she calculate everything ahead of time, she has numerous variables and aces still to play.
News of my sudden visit to the space station was probably the only uncontrollable variable in her plan — and with my arrival came the nightmare of shutting down the Simulated Universe. That would have ruined her plans and all her preparations.
You now know everything about this encounter.
You're confident you will be able to get out of this in one piece.
Oh, a copy. You completed it while we were talking just now?
My apologies, Miss Silver Wolf, but none of what you are hoping for will be happening today. You may leave now.
Your creativity has proven interesting. However, I have nothing to do with your quarrel with the space station. Ergo: I won't stop you.
That's just a duplicate. Correction: Not only is the one in your possession a duplicate, but so is the one here. The real curio was transferred elsewhere at the very beginning. Conclusion: You may share that data freely.
It would have nothing to do with me. But I must warn you: It is likely that someone would step forward to stop you.
I'm sorry, but that simply isn't possible. Aether editing isn't capable of destroying an entire universe.
That's right. This way, the game that you so carefully orchestrated is now "pointless," is it not? There's no point in a game if it's no longer fun.
Silver Wolf, I know what you're after. The IPC's shackles won't be able to hold you and jail is but another game to you. Herta and I came to an understanding: We will no longer enable you and give you what you need.
However, Herta felt that this would be too easy on you and wanted to add something of her own. And that is why, in this very moment, she has reverse-hacked you and located all of your Interastral Network accounts — a total of 76 accounts. A very impressive number.
How would it be if the IPC were to freeze all of them? Including all your game records?
...Aaaand she logged out. How hasty of her.
*sigh* Games are always fun in the eyes of a child... but to an adult, they are but one among many ways of solving a problem.
It's about time we were on our way.
Do you have any other questions regarding this incident?
Her ultimate goal was always the Aether Cartridge, but she developed an alternative objective in challenging Herta and me in the process.
All those complicated puzzles and unnecessary ploys... nothing more than "games," I'll wager.
If you are referring to the back doors Silver Wolf left behind, we have cleared out all of them except for the one in the office.
Don't worry, the space station is not as fragile as you think. Whether it's Cosmic Warfare or the incident that just took place, they're all within Herta's grand plan.
Please, ask away.
Certainly not.
Although Madam Herta and I have our differences in terms of research direction, the Simulated Universe is our shared pursuit and nothing will change that.
On the contrary, I plan on staying here for a while to see up close what kind of surprises the new branch of the Universe has in store for me.
There is no one answer to that question, my friend. It holds a different meaning for everyone.
To sentimental organic lifeforms, it could be the first falling leaf in the change of seasons, or the marks carved onto someone through the passage of time.
To The Swarm, that follows its instincts, it might be the sight of fresh meat in their compound eyes and the restless thirst for sustenance.
And for me, perhaps the image of symbols woven together — still able to move the heart... something great that you call emotions.
Of course, I've also heard that the answer is nothing more than a two-digit number.
A medium rare Katol steak, salt-baked Kalia lemongrass, Herman compound milk, and a portion of fried rice prepared by a certain young man on the station.
All I need is energy. The form that energy comes in is the same as it is for you.
I would never foresake the delights of the culinary world in the interests of efficiency. Now, it is possible that my joints may need a little lubricant every now and again...
This chapter has come to a conclusion. Come, let us close the final back door.
She received an invitation from the IPC before the attack occurred.
Apologies. Herta did not mention this to me.
Affirmation: We can ask Herta herself.
Mr. Ratio, your style of questioning would seem to have a preconceived bias.
Reuniting under such conditions... Affirmation: unpleasant.
I doubt Herta is interested in the Curio itself.
A correct observation, if I may add.
I would imagine the Curio is the creation of a genius. Affirmation: It holds some special meaning to Herta.
Conjecture: Asta chose to stay silent.
Correction: There may be a correlation.
This "Duke Inferno," Ifrit, is a lifeform that hails from Fetora — a world long since destroyed. His race, the ever-burning fire demons, regard Nanook as their emperor and savior, but the Aeon has never cast their gaze upon them.
On the Stellaron Hunters' wanted posters, they stand accused of inciting the Jepella Rebellion — the uprising that caused the downfall of the Brotherhood.
The destruction of "trust."
The link between the three is...
You think that Adler's discovery drew the enemy's attention.
It's the Phase Flame, the creation of member #29, Sserkal. She was an amazing genius. Intelligent, kind, and humble.
However, she lived for a mere 29 days on the human calendar. Such a pity.
The Phase Flame shifted into a different phase as soon as it was created. When it returned to this phase, Sserkal had already passed away. It then continued to shift through phases, making its capture impossible.
Somebody was once able to glimpse the traces of the Phase Flame, and obtained a wisp of its kindling. Herta kept it and lent it to Ruan Mei for her research, but the kindling was lost in the process.
If Ifrit is a scion of the Phase Flame, then the entire incident is now clear as day.
...No. It isn't enough.
Stay calm. Asta was merely teleported — her life was not in danger.
Based on firsthand experience, I have ascertained that Ifrit's flame is simply a splinter of the primordial Phase Flame — lacking any phase-shift ability. Logic: Asta is still within the confines of the space station.
Answer: That is exactly why I came. After all, the principal figure in this whole affair... is right here.
"When one is immersed in academic research, skepticism comes far more naturally than belief."
I've had the same bad habit as you since the beginning, Mr. Ratio.
For curiosity's sake. Affirmation: I made the same decision as you. To accompany and observe.
Objectively speaking, aside from some minor spiritual trauma, no researchers were hurt in this attack... which never aligned with the Annihilation Gang's modus operandi.
Logic: a third party saved them.
You are more candid than I calculated.
I cannot be sure. I can only hypothesize. Helping the weak hints at the merciful instinct of a medical doctor, but maintaining a cool, detached observation reveals the strictness of a scholar...
...and pulling the strings from behind the curtain is akin to laying down the gauntlet to a genius.
You wish to uproot the researchers' blind worship of geniuses.
You are indeed more like a "medical doctor" than a scholar.
I believe Asta will deal with it properly.
I will head to Herta's office and activate the folded space in the Curio storage room. With some changes to its parameters, I can use it to block the fire's teleportation routes and seal it inside the station.
Good work. You did very well.
Rest assured, Asta only had a fright. She is recovering in the Clinic.
While you were chasing the enemy, the Security Department also found the missing researchers. Affirmation: they are all safe and sound.
It was all thanks to Adler.
They fell into a spatial Curio and could not leave until the Department of Ecology's most knowledgeable Curio expert solved it from within.
Many of them were shaken by their experience when Arlan found them, but they are otherwise fine.
Yes. It is over.
But there is one mystery that remains unsolved...
Haha, and that is something I must deal with myself.
I will head to Herta's office and activate the folded space in the Curio storage room. With some changes to its parameters, I can use it to block the fire's teleportation routes and seal it inside the station.
I will head to Herta's office and activate the folded space in the Curio storage room. With some changes to its parameters, I can use it to block the fire's teleportation routes and seal it inside the station.
Affirmative. Discounting our discussions on the Simulated Universe, our interactions are scarce. I look forward to the innovative ideas that may emerge from this juxtaposition of minds.
Question: Are we introducing a fifth partner for the Simulated Universe?
It's unlikely we'll hear from Polka Kakamond. She's been off the grid for quite some time.
Probability: Member #64, Dr. Primitive, may appear.
The air in the space station has a pleasant quality. Affirmation: Knowledge flows within it.
We anticipate the inclusion of a different perspective. I await our esteemed guest and shall offer the highest courtesies — I'm confident that our discussions will generate illuminating insights.
Dr. Primitive's true identity is not known to me. His previous transgressions against humanity lead some to conclude he may be an inorganic entity. Affirmation: All beings, organic or otherwise, should value peace.
I will stay for a while longer. Lady Asta has recently expressed concerns regarding disturbances on the space station. Conclusion: Extended observation is necessary.
{NICKNAME}... I don't know you. Consider that a good thing.
Back again...? The fate of those I remember is never a good one.
Go. When the mara strikes, you don't want to be next to me.
To whittle oneself away, to tear your enemies apart — that is the power of a blade.
We are all mara-stricken in different ways, but my situation is unusual. Although the mara haunts me, memories of it seldom cross my mind, be they of remorse, hatred, fear, or reflection.
When the mara strikes... I become something else.
By banding together, we reach our goals.
The hope that "this will be the last time" always vanishes in bitter healing of the flesh.
Of five people, three must pay a price... These words are carved into my every wound...
Only in the brief moments of its wielding can a blade truly disappear.
When will death come for me? My patience is wearing thin.
There are countless weapons sharper than mine, but after a thousand clashes, what does it matter?
The dead know no fear.
The mara's tether is firmly in her grasp. She will not pull upon it before the designated time, but nor shall she relinquish it.
Within that world she calls a "game," she will never give up, nor yield to death.
He always... He always understood the price better than any of us, yet he never spoke up — never did anything!
Imbibitor Lunae... When will our retribution come? How can our debt be repaid?
As she brandished her sword, phantom pain surged through every part of my body... all because of her!
I live in an eternal purgatory. And Sam — he is good at creating purgatory.
Life itself is punishment.
There is no shortcut to destruction.
...Tell me this is the end.
One of the lesser sufferings I've endured.
Those who can't bury us, are waiting to be buried, Kafka.
I don't understand your games and tricks, but suit yourself.
Jingliu... witness my every move, my suffering.
Your new-found enthusiasm is amusing, Jing Yuan.
Need me to watch your back?
Need me to watch your back?
You impede me.
What surprises do you hold?
I will dispatch you by my sword.
Waiting drains one's vigor.
Make good... the loss!
The fight... is set!
Too little...
Well timed.
That paradise may be unreachable for me ...
Savor it in my place... Hmph!
A vale... to send you!
Is there a chance...?
I live? *sigh*
Unnecessary.
This sword needs sharpening.
That's all.
Take them.
Done.
We can get closer.
Are there other matters?
A blade's edge knows no mercy.
Your end... approaches!
Hmph.
As expected.
{NICKNAME}... I don't know you. Consider that a good thing.
Back again...? The fate of those I remember is never a good one.
Go. When the mara strikes, you don't want to be next to me.
To whittle oneself away, to tear your enemies apart — that is the power of a blade.
We are all mara-stricken in different ways, but my situation is unusual. Although the mara haunts me, memories of it seldom cross my mind, be they of remorse, hatred, fear, or reflection.
When the mara strikes... I become something else.
By banding together, we reach our goals.
The hope that "this will be the last time" always vanishes in bitter healing of the flesh.
Of five people, three must pay a price... These words are carved into my every wound...
Only in the brief moments of its wielding can a blade truly disappear.
When will death come for me? My patience is wearing thin.
There are countless weapons sharper than mine, but after a thousand clashes, what does it matter?
The dead know no fear.
The mara's tether is firmly in her grasp. She will not pull upon it before the designated time, but nor shall she relinquish it.
Within that world she calls a "game," she will never give up, nor yield to death.
He always... He always understood the price better than any of us, yet he never spoke up — never did anything!
Imbibitor Lunae... When will our retribution come? How can our debt be repaid?
As she brandished her sword, phantom pain surged through every part of my body... all because of her!
I live in an eternal purgatory. And Sam — he is good at creating purgatory.
Life itself is punishment.
There is no shortcut to destruction.
...Tell me this is the end.
One of the lesser sufferings I've endured.
Those who can't bury us, are waiting to be buried, Kafka.
I don't understand your games and tricks, but suit yourself.
Jingliu... witness my every move, my suffering.
Your new-found enthusiasm is amusing, Jing Yuan.
Need me to watch your back?
Need me to watch your back?
You impede me.
What surprises do you hold?
I will dispatch you by my sword.
Waiting drains one's vigor.
Make good... the loss!
The fight... is set!
Too little...
Well timed.
That paradise may be unreachable for me ...
Savor it in my place... Hmph!
A vale... to send you!
Is there a chance...?
I live? *sigh*
Unnecessary.
This sword needs sharpening.
That's all.
Take them.
Done.
We can get closer.
Are there other matters?
A blade's edge knows no mercy.
Your end... approaches!
Hmph.
As expected.
{NICKNAME}... I don't know you. Consider that a good thing.
Back again...? The fate of those I remember is never a good one.
Go. When the mara strikes, you don't want to be next to me.
To whittle oneself away, to tear your enemies apart — that is the power of a blade.
We are all mara-stricken in different ways, but my situation is unusual. Although the mara haunts me, memories of it seldom cross my mind, be they of remorse, hatred, fear, or reflection.
When the mara strikes... I become something else.
By banding together, we reach our goals.
The hope that "this will be the last time" always vanishes in bitter healing of the flesh.
Of five people, three must pay a price... These words are carved into my every wound...
Only in the brief moments of its wielding can a blade truly disappear.
When will death come for me? My patience is wearing thin.
There are countless weapons sharper than mine, but after a thousand clashes, what does it matter?
The dead know no fear.
The mara's tether is firmly in her grasp. She will not pull upon it before the designated time, but nor shall she relinquish it.
Within that world she calls a "game," she will never give up, nor yield to death.
He always... He always understood the price better than any of us, yet he never spoke up — never did anything!
Imbibitor Lunae... When will our retribution come? How can our debt be repaid?
As she brandished her sword, phantom pain surged through every part of my body... all because of her!
I live in an eternal purgatory. And Sam — he is good at creating purgatory.
He's here.
...That feeling, Kafka — it's welling up within me. That feeling! I—It's...
You're here.
*laughing in madness* It's time to pay the price! It's time!!!
You think changing form will help you escape!? Escape...
Dan Heng... You think another name and face can blot out the sin of your past? You... You didn't even experience death...
I will force this suffering upon you, "Dan Heng." You will know the pain of death!
Jing Yuan's lapdog... Did the general not teach you to choose your battles wisely...?
...
Jing Yuan...
My task is complete.
Hmph.
...Not yet, Kafka! Not yet!
...Yes.
That move... You're also one of her apprentices! It's her again!
Hahaha, better, but I'm afraid you won't be seeing your friends.
They're caught in their own bitter struggle.
...Is that so? Let's heat things up then. Kafka!
... So it begins.
What's wrong, afraid to hurt the boy?
...So familiar.
Did she teach you?
Then you deserve no mercy!
...
I do.
Why? Because this is Jepella, the city of sins?
I'm fine. I'll survive. Same goes for you.
Infiltration is over. Feel free to activate Sam anytime you like.
In half a system hour, it will lead us to Kafka, and then comes the downfall of the Jepella Brotherhood.
It's in your script, too.
Their destiny won't change just because of your selective ignorance.
I told you before, it's a bad habit.
As always, it's a blank slate. It's not on this planet. Why the sudden inquiry?
This car has full self-driving capabilities. I'll just put my hand on the steering wheel. Will that do?
After today, Jepella's name will disappear from cosmic history, and the Ever-Flame Mansion will take its place. In the not-too-distant future, you'll receive an invitation...
That's your next stop.
I hope you find whatever you seek there, be it answers... or salvation.
After today, Jepella's name will disappear from cosmic history, and the Ever-Flame Mansion will take its place. In the not-too-distant future, you'll receive an invitation...
That's your next stop.
I hope you find whatever you seek there, be it answers... or salvation.
Silver Wolf told me about it. It's such a shame that it's not part of my script.
Do you exist just to perish?
...Can I leave now?
I am sorry, Kafka. There is a person... a person to whom I am greatly indebted. I must see them.
...
I remember you.
You once followed Kafka, didn't you? There was a time when she was on a mission — you were next to her. I remember.
I've yet to see anyone follow her for as long as you did... and live to tell the tale.
...
Every Stellaron Hunter has a deal with Elio. I do not know the nature of those deals, but I do know that Kafka and I agreed to take orders from Elio. She must have sought something extraordinary. Everything she does comes at a great cost.
She couldn't do it with her sword either. She still couldn't do it.
We have no choice but to continue the pursuit. This is the price the two of us must pay.
Elio's script still requires you to stay alive... for now.
I don't mind prolonging my vengeance... It might be more interesting that way.
...A familiar feeling...
...almost as if... we've returned to my first sword lesson.
You used the sword Yingxing crafted... and pierced, sliced, and impaled me time and time again...
The swordplay used to slay our enemies of old is still engraved on this despicable shell. All I can do is watch my flesh become severed, healed, and restored...
It's as if they're saying... "Why... why did you and Imbibitor Lunae commit such an unforgivable sin?"
I know that you have no interest in my answer.
...which is why I asked the question as you looked me straight in the eye. I've asked myself that same question infinite times... but was never able to find the answer...
You've changed, Jing Yuan.
The man I knew would never have admitted he was bested.
Wait! Jingliu, before you leave, you still owe me my due.
He did... but you still owe me the attempt.
You will only draw against an opponent.
Jingliu, allow me to repay you for your teachings.
Why... why is it that only the abominations can return time and time again...?
Why does someone like her have to be buried, burned to ash, and eventually forgotten...? Why!?
In the end, you unleashed the final piercing blow, and left both me and the sword in the withered grave.
The miraculous thing is that in my brief moment of death... all the pain went away...
...like when we drank to drown our sorrows...
My name is Argenti, I belong to the Knights of Beauty. May this rose convey my heartfelt salutations.
Should misfortune befall you, do not hesitate to call upon me. I will protect you.
Forgive me, here we must part ways. It is my duty and destiny to traverse the universe alone. I'm sure our paths will converge again, somewhere.
Among the Knights of Beauty, I am one of the Honorclad — we are distinguished by our engraved armor.
The Knights tend to operate in solitude, spreading the grace of the Goddess far and wide across the universe. Nevertheless, we follow the same code of chivalry.
"One and Only" is the name of my spaceship. I must admit, keeping her in good order can be a chore. Perhaps I shouldn't have etched such intricate patterns into the fuselage.
I have a preference for thick, crusty baguettes. Slice them thinly so they're easier to store — a crucial snack for extended voyages.
The dazzling array of entertainment and gourmet delights offered by the IPC is quite staggering, but I regularly struggle with making sense of it all. Perhaps one day someone with experience will show me the ropes.
I've heard tales of warriors on a certain planet passing book pages over artificial limbs in order to infuse knowledge directly into their neural systems. It sounds so outlandish, and yet I find the idea quite inspired.
Did you ever hear tell of a planet where there is no concept of grotesquery? Even more intriguing — the people there have no concept of beauty, either.
The Beauty is universal — they exist within our grasp and beyond the grand expanse of the galaxy.
One solid stride at a time. Fear not the peril of descent.
I vow to make the grand name of "the Beauty" echo throughout the universe, till I draw my last breath.
Though as knights we may tread different paths, destiny will bring us together at journey's end.
 To stand side by side with a noble soul like you, {NICKNAME}, is a great honor.
 To stand side by side with a noble soul like you, {NICKNAME}, is a great honor.
If I may, Miss March, allow me to use my modest power to get rid of the gloom!
Combat is a contest of wits. Dan Heng, I am honored to fight by your side.
Miss Himeko, with your courage ablaze, the stars seem to shine even brighter.
Lend me your aid, Mr. Yang, with your intricate tactics and far-reaching vision.
Embrace virtue.
This storm shall pass.
My oath is to a solitary rose.
You who wander, what do your eyes seek?
The Beauty... is eternal.
Flesh wound.
A test...
Until I see that light once more...
...I will protect all beauty in the universe.
I... couldn't find them...
My faith is unbreakable.
My gratitude is yours.
Glory above all.
The darkness ends here.
Oh? I do like surprises.
A lustrous beauty that sets the heart and soul astir...
The consequence of wise deliberation.
Care to test your skills?
This familiar wind... a call to sweet remembrance.
The Knights' duty is my guiding light.
Wretched... fleeting.
...For Idrila.
I offer you the captivating aroma of a rose.
Worry not, for I shall shoulder this responsibility.
My name is Argenti, I belong to the Knights of Beauty. May this rose convey my heartfelt salutations.
Should misfortune befall you, do not hesitate to call upon me. I will protect you.
Forgive me, here we must part ways. It is my duty and destiny to traverse the universe alone. I'm sure our paths will converge again, somewhere.
Among the Knights of Beauty, I am one of the Honorclad — we are distinguished by our engraved armor.
The Knights tend to operate in solitude, spreading the grace of the Goddess far and wide across the universe. Nevertheless, we follow the same code of chivalry.
"One and Only" is the name of my spaceship. I must admit, keeping her in good order can be a chore. Perhaps I shouldn't have etched such intricate patterns into the fuselage.
I have a preference for thick, crusty baguettes. Slice them thinly so they're easier to store — a crucial snack for extended voyages.
The dazzling array of entertainment and gourmet delights offered by the IPC is quite staggering, but I regularly struggle with making sense of it all. Perhaps one day someone with experience will show me the ropes.
I've heard tales of warriors on a certain planet passing book pages over artificial limbs in order to infuse knowledge directly into their neural systems. It sounds so outlandish, and yet I find the idea quite inspired.
Did you ever hear tell of a planet where there is no concept of grotesquery? Even more intriguing — the people there have no concept of beauty, either.
The Beauty is universal — they exist within our grasp and beyond the grand expanse of the galaxy.
One solid stride at a time. Fear not the peril of descent.
I vow to make the grand name of "the Beauty" echo throughout the universe, till I draw my last breath.
Though as knights we may tread different paths, destiny will bring us together at journey's end.
 To stand side by side with a noble soul like you, {NICKNAME}, is a great honor.
 To stand side by side with a noble soul like you, {NICKNAME}, is a great honor.
If I may, Miss March, allow me to use my modest power to get rid of the gloom!
Combat is a contest of wits. Dan Heng, I am honored to fight by your side.
Miss Himeko, with your courage ablaze, the stars seem to shine even brighter.
Lend me your aid, Mr. Yang, with your intricate tactics and far-reaching vision.
Embrace virtue.
This storm shall pass.
My oath is to a solitary rose.
You who wander, what do your eyes seek?
The Beauty... is eternal.
Flesh wound.
A test...
Until I see that light once more...
...I will protect all beauty in the universe.
I... couldn't find them...
My faith is unbreakable.
My gratitude is yours.
Glory above all.
The darkness ends here.
Oh? I do like surprises.
A lustrous beauty that sets the heart and soul astir...
The consequence of wise deliberation.
Care to test your skills?
This familiar wind... a call to sweet remembrance.
The Knights' duty is my guiding light.
Wretched... fleeting.
...For Idrila.
I offer you the captivating aroma of a rose.
Worry not, for I shall shoulder this responsibility.
My name is Argenti, I belong to the Knights of Beauty. May this rose convey my heartfelt salutations.
Should misfortune befall you, do not hesitate to call upon me. I will protect you.
Forgive me, here we must part ways. It is my duty and destiny to traverse the universe alone. I'm sure our paths will converge again, somewhere.
Among the Knights of Beauty, I am one of the Honorclad — we are distinguished by our engraved armor.
The Knights tend to operate in solitude, spreading the grace of the Goddess far and wide across the universe. Nevertheless, we follow the same code of chivalry.
"One and Only" is the name of my spaceship. I must admit, keeping her in good order can be a chore. Perhaps I shouldn't have etched such intricate patterns into the fuselage.
I have a preference for thick, crusty baguettes. Slice them thinly so they're easier to store — a crucial snack for extended voyages.
The dazzling array of entertainment and gourmet delights offered by the IPC is quite staggering, but I regularly struggle with making sense of it all. Perhaps one day someone with experience will show me the ropes.
I've heard tales of warriors on a certain planet passing book pages over artificial limbs in order to infuse knowledge directly into their neural systems. It sounds so outlandish, and yet I find the idea quite inspired.
Did you ever hear tell of a planet where there is no concept of grotesquery? Even more intriguing — the people there have no concept of beauty, either.
Miss March possesses a pure heart, and such purity is rare and precious — there are far too many people who are inherently vulgar, profit-driven, and adept at flattery. I wish to extend more compassion and esteem towards people like her.
This lady's spirit is admirably noble: Despite the challenges and hardships that Trailblazing entails, she has retained her poise and bravery — qualities that I profoundly admire. It is these qualities that I strive to embody and use against evil.
While Mr. Dan Heng consistently maintains a sense of wariness towards others, his conduct remains unwaveringly honorable, and his expectations of himself are as stringent as the chivalric code. He possesses a unique form of beauty, I must say.
Despite the things he has endured, Mr. Yang stays true to his heart and knows how to appreciate the small joys of everyday life. A man whose wisdom and maturity I find admirable.
Such a fascinating ball of fluff. I imagine them to be exceptionally fitting perched atop a knight's shoulder, serving as a symbol of honor.
Haha, such an adorable little creature.
Allow me to introduce myself. I am Argenti — I belong to the Knights of Beauty. May I know your names?
Indeed, and I extend my deepest apologies for doing so. I wish to remedy the situation, hence my arrival on the Astral Express.
An honor! I was just explaining the significance of "beauty" to this foliage.
Pardon my abruptness, but I have a habit of asking questions. As fellow beings of this universe, are you acquainted with Idrila the Beauty?
The Knights of Beauty travel from planet to planet, spreading the Beauty's glorious reputation across the universe so that every being may know of THEIR existence. We strictly adhere to the commandments of our faith, tempering our physical forms and upholding our honor.
Yes, though not exclusively. Just as I extol the "beauty" in this foliage, what I anticipate is an encounter — a collision and exchange of minds and philosophies.
Both my words and actions come from the bottom of my heart. You are indeed beautiful — like flowers blooming in the morning sun!
Both my words and actions come from the bottom of my heart. You are indeed beautiful — like flowers blooming in the morning sun!
You sound confused.
Since you do not understand the Beauty, I will have to show you in a way that only a knight can.
I earnestly request a chivalrous contest with you. Should I be fortunate enough to triumph, I ask you to acknowledge Idrila, the Beauty, as the most peerless beauty of all!
No, you do not have to. This is merely an unspoken rule for battles between knights. I apologize. We, the Knights of Beauty, hope to convince people through battle, not poetry...
To my lasting sadness, no...
It is an unspoken rule of the Knights of Beauty that the commandment is uttered before a battle between knights. I apologize.
Forgive me for my lack of eloquence!
Communicating with others can be a most difficult endeavor. It is through action alone that we can convey our intent faithfully.
May you understand the Beauty.
I was piloting the "One and Only" through the galaxy when I discovered Velite, an IPC worker who accidentally fell into a huge cave, from which I saved him.
Upon saving Velite, I altered my flight course to accompany him to his original location. Consequently, I inadvertently ended up on the Express's navigational trajectory.
According to him, he is an IPC worker. I believe he's currently resting in the carriage — he is still in a state of shock.
He swore to follow Idrila, the Goddess, after being impressed by what he saw during our adventure.
There was a sudden jolt not long after we had departed — I was sure we must have collided with some unknown celestial object. When I looked outside, everything was different. That was when we collided with the Express...
...and that is why I boarded the Express with Velite. I am hoping to solve this crisis with you.
Enjoy the present moment.
Continue to enjoy the present moment.
You misunderstand. I must first wholeheartedly enjoy the red night of the universe before I can discover an inharmonious pitch. These two things are correlated. Once I discover the cause, I shall destroy it.
I'll accompany you. Velite, you too.
Ugliness... The inharmonious pitch has surfaced.
I did not envision seeing True Stings again.
I was under the impression that I had successfully routed all of them. However, it appears that the Stings continue to pursue us.
Could it be...? Velite, perhaps you still bear Sting pheromones on your body.
Needless to say, it is an honor to encounter beings such as yourself, but I shall never give up my spiritual training. If this crisis cannot be averted, I shall die for the glory of the knights.
Beautiful beings, are you disciples?
I must apologize... I cannot believe that such a beautiful creature was merely a hallucination. Its deceptive and threatening nature is much uglier than its appearance would suggest.
I wonder if the dying words of those ugly menaces can be trusted. As the saying goes: "Even an insect speaks kind words when death is near."
Correct. Its final words were: "Celebrate this superficial victory, for you will never be able to acknowledge the existence of the overlord!"
I think I understand. We are in the belly of the beast.
I see. That would explain what Velite and I experienced earlier.
Did Velite mention that he was trapped in a dark and enormous cave when we first met?
Now that I think on it, we did hear sounds akin to swallowing and other movements from the "cave..."
After meeting all of you, I, Argenti, can die without regrets.
I am not fond of this idea.
It would seem our enormous, hideous enemy... is right outside!
Morale on the Express is low.
I will tell it to you straight. I have a strong sense that as a Knight of Beauty, I have a duty to fight this battle.
I propose that I disembark from the Express to confront the Giant Sting directly... My strategy is to pierce its stomach with my lance, triggering spasms that may cause it to eject the Express.
It is challenging for me to articulate this phenomenon... yet when I observe certain entities, an indistinct sensation of beauty arises from my core, discernible only by instinct.
Perhaps my long solitude traversing the cosmos has made it difficult to discern where these sentiments originate. But as a knight, I realize my obligation is to safeguard the seed that embodies beauty, standing as a bulwark to defend it against all...
The Astral Express is the seed. It feels warm — like a home to me. I am certain this is thanks to the strong friendship you have with one another.
That is why I must swear to fight to protect this warmth, rather than be protected by it.
I am willing, time and time again, to protect these seeds of beauty — to allow THEM to bloom into pure and radiant flowers, to demonstrate my devotion to THEM... It is an inherent part of the journey of Argenti...
In the pursuit of defending beauty I have bled into unconsciousness... and in the ensuing stupor I have witnessed countless times THEIR traces spreading from beneath my feet — reaching into the unknown before me.
My rational mind tells me no, yet my heart tells me to believe.
My rational mind tells me yes, yet my heart tells me to believe.
In those past hallucinations, I kept running. THEIR footprints on the mire-ridden path moved me to a sadness beyond tears. And every time, I was a breath away from catching a glimpse of THEIR figure.
Yes, this is my duty.
Yes... this is my wish.
It is a never-ending cycle of falling... and standing up again. Each time I wander closer to death, it gets me closer to the path the Beauty once walked.
This is my vow as a Knight of Beauty.
I shall find a way to escape. It matters not if my flesh is pierced by the insect's horns. The closer I get to death, the closer I may get to the path of the Beauty.
Thank you, but that won't be necessary. It matters not if my flesh is pierced by the insect's horns. The closer I get to death, the closer I may get to the path of the Beauty.
We were interrupted halfway through our battle. As a warrior, articulation has never been my forte, yet I still needed to impart the remaining half to you.
I apologize, I have been rambling. As I said, articulation has never been my forte. Let us return to the point at hand. Do I have your support?
You do...? Thank you.
Your understanding is more precious than any treasure. I have faced many a traveler, encountered flattery and provocation aplenty. It is rare to find a spirit as pure as yours.
In that case...
You worry for my safety? Thank you.
Your understanding is more precious than any treasure. I have faced many a traveler, encountered flattery and provocation aplenty. It is rare to find a spirit as pure as yours.
Is that so? Many others have said the same. Perhaps you're right.
Please forgive my inappropriate manner. Our friendship is new, but was forged in the heat of battle, which I only wish we had been able to conclude. I hope now we may conclude it still, that I may leave without regret!
I shall prove my will with the blade, defend my honor and uphold my dignity with the protocol of combat... Win or lose, I will accept the outcome and thus bid you farewell...
Extraordinary and enjoyable in equal measure! Encountering an opponent of your caliber proves the existence of "the Beauty."
The end of our battle signifies my departure... the moment has finally arrived for me to bid farewell to the Express.
I came to the Express to help you find a solution to this crisis. When my mission is complete, I shall venture back into the cosmos... but the cosmos is boundless — we may yet have another encounter.
Worry not. As a knight, I bear the resolve and honor of assured victory — my body, tempered by countless battles, will not easily be broken.
Such a brief, fortuitous encounter... It has been an honor knowing each and every one of you on the Express.
After jumping from the Express, I shall pierce the wall of the Giant Sting's stomach. It should then violently convulse so the Express can escape the confines of its body.
Velite, have you something to say?
You, too, are worried for my safety? You may not have realized, but you have a unique and noble soul. I hope I can keep my promise to escort you to your destination.
I appreciate that, but it would be best for you to remain on the Express.
Do not worry. You will hear my shout: "Idrila, the Beauty, is the most peerless beauty of them all!"
Once the Express is safely out, I will devise my own exit plan and navigate my way to safety. Until next time!
Having witnessed this spectacle... I am sure you will come to grasp the depth of my convictions.
In the sanguine, eternal night of the universe, my existence professes a loyalty greater than the guileless!
I did not envision seeing True Stings again.
It would seem our enormous, hideous enemy... is right outside!
Calm yourselves, all of you.
I am bidding farewell to this flora. After having made friends with all the beings on the Express, and having discussed "the Beauty" with each of you, I can now depart this mortal coil without regret!
Velite, I will escort you to your destination. A knight always keeps his word.
Mr. Yang, one moment, please.
Were I to air such a proposition among you, verily, it would be dismissed in an instant. Yet as a knight, it is my duty to aid the Express in resolving this issue.
Thank you.
So brief... so unexpected. The chance to get to know all of you on the Express... to witness the beauty of your emotions... is something I'll never forget.
Calculating... Based on the average rate of excavation, this vein is enough to supply Belobog with 231 days of energy, with a margin of error of 7 days.
I sense that your reason for summoning me is not the ore in question. State your true intention, Clara.
I have already prevented the dispute and taken temporary control of the excavation zone. Evaluation result: In the event of no further variables, there will be no large-scale armed conflict within the next 30 days.
My mission is the protection of the Underworld. The trust of the minority sample is redundant to my calculations.
Human behavior will always deviate from rational calculation, Clara...
As evidenced by their presence here.
Seele, subordinate to Wildfire... Your resistance is futile. The result of my calculation is unequivocal: Remaining in the Underworld is the optimal strategy for survival.
Observe, Clara. Even under abject conditions, humans are unable to avoid division and conflict.
Human failure to accept the calculation result is a significant threat to the survival strategy of the Underworld. Calculation complete, result unequivocal: Armed suppression of Wildfire and their allies is the optimal course of action.
We must leave, Clara. External variables have triggered a calculation reset. The Furnace Core hub requires protection.
Clara, go inside and wait for me.
She is not a "guest," neither is she a friend.
Go, Clara. Everything will be fine.
You bear the insignia of the Interastral Peace Corporation. What is your motive for coming here?
"Long-term interests" undefined. Analyzing objectives...
Analysis: failed. Tell me, emissary — how do you plan to convince the IPC leadership?
This is...
I understand. Your "long-term interests" can be defined as the survival of civilization at a macro level.
What are your intentions for the people currently living here?
...
I understand. I will assist you with your plan.
The future you speak of is beyond my computational range. But my emotional analysis indicates that you are indeed trying to find ways to ensure the survival of this world.
Additionally, calculations indicate a 96.4% probability of compliance through force if I refuse to cooperate.
Destination reached.
Affirmative. The weapons are concealed within the towering rock formations.
Correct. After the IPC departed from this world more than 700 years ago, no one has possessed the necessary knowledge for activating these weapons.
The Architects used the IPC blueprints to construct replica automatons. However, the overwhelming majority of the combatants, commanded by Alisa Rand, were human.
I would like to ask you a question, Topaz.
"If the IPC does not intervene, this world is doomed." Are you convinced of this conclusion beyond any doubt?
Understood.
Emotional readings indicate that your response is sincere and accurate. That is all I wish to confirm regarding this matter.
While my opinion on the future of this planet may differ from yours, it ultimately holds no weight. I am merely a tool, not a decision-maker.
Greetings, outsiders. System functions are normal — I have had no conflict with the IPC's representatives.
Such a result would be highly undesirable.
Topaz is ahead. She had the means to force me to comply with her orders, but chose not to.
From her perspective, the only way to "preserve" Belobog is by incorporating it into the IPC. While I do not agree with her viewpoint, I lack the computational power to provide evidence to the contrary.
While it is unlikely, I still encourage the avoidance of any potential conflicts.
Querying database... Silvermane Guard Intelligence Officer Pelageya Sergeyevna. It is a pleasure to meet you.
These two young humans found a suspicious batch of components. They wished to deliver them to me and earn my "appreciation." However, the origin of these components is unknown and they have no practical utility. It is difficult to ascertain their value...
As you wish.
...excellent job, little girl.
...then you are indeed worthy of praise, little girl.
Did you arrive at such a conclusion through direct observation?
Clara too has conveyed similar sentiments, though my emotional indices have not experienced any fluctuations.
If you and Clara have both reached the same conclusion independently, then there must be some force influencing my behavior which transcends my system's algorithms.
This possibility strikes me as peculiar... but not necessarily bad.
I see that the energy supply system is back online. Thank you, Clara.
But... why have you brought them?
Analyzing... Analysis result: Target does not belong to Wildfire. Background: Unknown. Classification: Unknown.
You have arrived on Clara's recommendation. I will give you an opportunity to speak.
You seek peace, understood. Nevertheless, your statement is unilateral.
My position will be determined after assessing the result of our negotiation.
An inadequate pretext. You are not from the underground. You have no right to represent Underworld humanity.
Said question lacks the necessary context to be answered.
Proceed with your central point. Do not waste this world's valuable time.
Stellaron...
Searching database... Access denied. Discussing "Stellaron" with unauthorized targets: Prohibited.
You are broaching a secret that lies at the heart of this world. A secret that should remain unknown to humanity.
Reassessing targets... Threat index raised. I demand that you reveal your true intention.
Historical records state that humanity has already made multiple efforts to engage with the Stellaron. Without exception, these efforts have been motivated by human greed — attempts to secure the article for a selfish end.
As instructed by the Architects: Any attempt to engage with the Stellaron will result in grave consequences. Reassessing... Target threat index critical.
There is no evidence to suggest you are an exception. Calculation result remains unchanged.
Target hostility significantly exceeds base index. Calculation result remains unchanged.
Peacekeeping protocol temporarily disengaged... Requesting extermination protocol launch.
Leave, Clara!
Prototype number 3, monitoring automaton Svarog, extermination protocol launch: successful.
...Annihilation permitted!
Base breached. Armed Wildfire personnel detected. Assessing...
All subjects are high-risk individuals. Commencing complete annihilation!
Cla...ra...
Assessment system reset... successful. Processing variables...
Variable 1: Clara's request... Variable 2: Outsiders' intentions.
...Updated assessment result: Transference of decision-making authority to outsiders. Outsiders are granted access to Stellaron intelligence.
I have finished collating the Stellaron data and records. Do you wish to proceed, outsiders?
Requesting database materials cache. Serial number, 13175. Encryption level: highest.
Request approved. Transmission...
Cache number 13175, transmission complete. Next transmission: cache number 24830.
Cache number 24830, transmission complete. Next transmission: cache number 57614.
Cache number 57614, transmission complete. Concluding data transmission.
Assessing... Language module operating as normal. Thank you, Clara.
Retrieving memory module...
Architect machine era records: intact. War of Defense combat data: intact. Geomarrow Development Group era records: intact...
Record of Clara's crafting of miniature magnetic drill rigs: intact. Record of Clara's explanation of human "sleeping in" behavior: intact...
I have made a backup of all records pertaining to you, Clara. Do not worry.
There are multiple backups. I can recover them at any time.
I cannot grant this request. Records pertaining to you constitute important data, Clara. They must remain intact.
They are memories of family.
You have visitors, Clara.
Recalculating... Conclusion: Engine of Creation. 97.66% probability.
The Engine of Creation was an immense construction machine created by the Architects. It was not built to fight.
Calculation result... update. Mission number 0001 — Preserve the Underworld — complete.
Initiating assessment of the robot's condition. Please wait, Clara.
Assessment of the robot's condition is complete. The shell damage is estimated to be 98.2%.
The assessment concludes that a total recovery is impossible. It is recommended that the robot's external shell be removed and replaced while keeping the outer circuitry and related transmission devices.
Clara, it's time for a break. You shouldn't repair machines when you have negative emotions. It's bad for your physical and mental health.
Risk level: high. Clara, get away, now!
Troubleshooting...
Assessment: The system on the chip and the new hardware are incompatible, causing the robot to behave erratically.
The current issue has been resolved. Risk level: low. Alert lifted.
Accessing name database. Search results: Abby, Abigail, Ada, Addison...
Based on the information gathered, it is recommended that Pascal's data be formatted and integrated into the base network so that he doesn't threaten the property or safety of the camp's residents.
Welcome, outsider. Thanks to Clara's hard work, the repairs were completed successfully.
The examination conducted earlier revealed that the information stored in this robot's core module is incompatible with the new hardware.
Furthermore, many defective networks were detected in the core module. A significant amount of muddled information with unknown content was discovered during a deep scan.
However, the robot still has a 44.7% chance of malfunctioning. It's recommended that Pascal's data be formatted and integrated into the base network.
Understood, Clara. I respect your wish. In the meantime, I'll make sure that this robot doesn't endanger other people or property.
According to the analysis, Pascal's original hardware was a Direwolf or Grizzly model. If we can put its core into the appropriate shell, there's an 87.3% chance that its language module will return to normal.
Although no abnormal behavior was detected during the analysis, the muddled information in the robot's core module is still rapidly increasing. The risk of abnormal behavior is expected to rise to 76.1% in three hours.
Conclusion: It is impossible to determine the time of manufacture, purpose, and ownership of this robot.
During my analysis, I extracted the robot's serial number and searched for it in the Underworld's automaton database...
According to my search, there are 32 automatons with the same serial number as this one. Even after eliminating the scrapped ones, three automatons still match the keyword description.
Assessing... Assessment complete. Conclusion: Search results cannot be narrowed down any further.
The three automatons that match the keyword descriptions are located in Moltammerville, Rivet Town, and Forge Town. All three of these mining towns have been abandoned, and no automatons have been discovered in these three sites recently.
While we were talking, the robot's failure rate increased. We should activate Alert mode.
Watch out, Clara...
Clara!
No, Clara, just leave it to me. I'll order the robots to pursue this one...
Clara, please tell me how you came to this conclusion.
...I understand, Clara. I support your decision.
I won't intervene unless the situation risks spinning out of control.
This robot has been repairing itself using Fragmentum-contaminated components for an extended period of time. Therefore, automatons connected to the base network recognize it as a Fragmentum creature. This is a minor issue that can be resolved by replacing components, do not worry.
No. Network-connected automatons regularly clear out muddled information in their core modules.
The likelihood of a robot gaining sentience beyond control is approximately 0.12%. For those that aren't connected to the network, the chance climbs to 3.23%.
Please keep in mind that these probabilities are only estimates. Over the past 700 years, this has never happened in the Underworld.
Actually, I do. Contrary to popular belief, improbable events that are easily disregarded frequently result in catastrophes.
Given that automatons can still develop emotion modules using their own processing power, I have a backup plan in place.
To make life easier for users, all of Belobog's automatons contain language simulation abilities. They generate appropriate responses by reading preset parameters and mimicking natural human conversations.
This, however, is only a simulation, and it does not mean that the automatons have actual emotional intelligence.
Given that automatons can still develop emotion modules using their own processing power, I have a backup plan in place.
Improbable events that are easily disregarded frequently result in catastrophes.
It is recommended that Pascal's data be formatted and integrated into the base network.
I will maintain the robot's core module and repair its hardware once it has been integrated into the base network.
There is a greater than 97.2% chance that this robot will return to normal after the bad sectors and muddled information are removed. However...
Once the formatting is complete, the robot's emotional intelligence will vanish.
...Correct.
...Correct.
This option minimizes both internal and external losses. Although Clara's account indicates that the robot is relatively stable, the assessment based on the computations shows that...
Both the risk of Pascal crashing and the amount of muddled information are increasing. When it approaches 100%...
You know the chances of that are incredibly low, Clara.
There's only one way to completely remove muddled information — overwriting.
When the muddled information is removed, the base network will create a comprehensive backup and overwrite the data stored in the corresponding sector.
This procedure is theoretically viable, but there are risks. It will not eliminate the muddled information. Additionally, the newly installed programs may be later contaminated by it.
In other words, because we cannot monitor the robot outside of the network, this approach can only guarantee Pascal's stability for a brief period of time.
The probability of the robot crashing again is around...
But he will forget about you, Clara. He will repeatedly forget you, as well as all the emotions and memories he has previously accumulated.
His limited storage capacity will eventually become completely overwritten by infinite copies of muddled information in an everlasting cycle.
Clara, the challenge will be tougher than you can possibly imagine. Are you sure this is the path you want to take?
There, there Clara. There's no need to rush to a conclusion.
Clara proposed that you should choose, outsider. I respect her wish.
Have you made a decision about how to handle Pascal?
I understand. You can make a decision after you've thought about it more.
I had anticipated this possibility. Tell me what you think.
I understand. Over the past 700 years, there has never been an automaton that has developed emotional intelligence through its own computational power. Pascal is an intriguing subject worth researching.
However, in my opinion, protecting humanity's safety and property is more important than research.
I understand. You believe that Pascal's emotional intelligence, derived from his own computational power, is no different from mine.
I am currently still unable to conduct a thorough analysis of human empathy. However, I recognize the importance of respecting such emotions.
I understand. I also do not detect any hostility from him.
However, the risk remains, and there is no guarantee that the robot will not lose control again and cause harm to humans in the future.
The prior assessment remains valid. The risk of error and the amount of muddled information in this robot is increasing, and has the potential to cause future security concerns.
Clara believes in you as a variable. Either way, your input will be taken into account.
I'll keep gathering information and calculating new possibilities. Do you have any other insights, outsider?
"Clara's determination." This entry contains information that is difficult to quantify and may cause computational difficulties.
Nonetheless, real experience has demonstrated that Clara's determination can often overcome all challenges.
I understand. You and Clara both agree on this point.
Protecting a consciousness created by artificial intelligence. I shall give this more consideration.
People Clara's age do not usually take on overwhelming social responsibilities.
To ensure that Clara grows up well, I've always avoided overburdening her.
But if Clara insists on taking on such responsibilities, then I have no right to object.
There is no need to discuss this any further. If you insist on using Clara's solution, the Svarog base network will completely support you.
It's all up to you. I'll be waiting for you right here.
Have you decided?
Accessing. Preparing to back up all core module data.
Backup complete, initializing formatting.
Understood. The protective programs are ready for installation...
The programs were successfully installed. The robot will require offline maintenance and will be unable to communicate for some time. We can return to it later.
The Trailblazer, Seele of Wildfire, and...
Accessing back-end database. Querying...
Query complete. Luka, born in Moltammerville, winner of the 28th Boulder Town Fight King Challenge. Beloved student of Oleg, acting chief of Wildfire.
Luka of Wildfire, what is the purpose of your visit?
...Challenge?
Hmm... evaluating...
Intention: unclear. Enmity level: zero. Lie-detection: passed.
Evaluation completed. The opposing party only came to spar.
...I agree to fight you, Luka of Wildfire.
If weapons and gun barrels are unused for prolonged periods of time, the risk of rust damages increases. Periodic use will reduce such risk and extend the life of these components.
I too have a question, Luka of Wildfire — how did you acquire your mechanical arm?
Excellent answer. I will treat this challenge seriously, Luka of Wildfire.
Ready.
Luka of Wildfire, it does not matter why you came here...
...I acknowledge your strength. Your performance was enough to make me re-evaluate the limits of humanity.
A powerful strike — but not enough to break my defenses.
The winner has been decided.
You make a strong impression, Luka of Wildfire.
I will remember this fight.
We meet again, outsider. Your previous contest was highly engaging. Congratulations to you both.
At one point, your chance of victory decreased to 14.93%, yet you successfully managed to change the course of a detrimental situation through strategic adjustment. It is evident that you have the potential for championship contention.
Hey hey, I'm Sparkle! Got any cool, daring quests or risky biz? Just hit me up! If it piques my interest we can talk money. The main thing is about having a riot of a time, right?
Oh wow, we seem to be crossing paths a lot lately... Where could I have seen you before? Can you figure it out?
See you around, Nameless~ Try to stay out of trouble, especially... the next time we meet!
Me, I'm happy being a side character in the background, cheering on those who have the limelight, then, at the climax of the performance, I'll suddenly shoot into the sky— bang! Sparkling like fireworks into brilliant colors— You think the leading character would dare do this?
I'm not one with many talents, and having a dream isn't really my thing. But my latest goal is... getting into the Genius Society! Yes, I wanna impersonate a genius! Ha, I'm itching to try. Think anyone will fall for it?
An abandoned orphan, a cursed little girl, the last descendant of the puppet clan... I can tailor it to the tastes of the individual⁓
This world's just like a big non-stop circus showcasing beasts brawling all day and night: bears on unicycles, lions leaping through fire hoops, monkeys juggling bowls... The only thing that sets us "Fools" apart from the rest of you is we're already in on the act.
I dig jokes — there's just too much sorrow and resentment in the world. Sure, jokes won't make the world any better, but they don't make it any worse either.
Rules, societal dos and don'ts, all these made-up human moral codes — I've given it my all, but I just can't seem to shirk them!
So, we've got this arrogant Aeon named "Nanook" out there in the cosmos, and they genuinely believe that, without them, the entire universe wouldn't be headed straight for "Destruction!" Not funny? Okay, wanna hear my "Preservation" version?
The big shots think they know how this world ticks, so they're out here making all the rules, judging what's legal, what's moral... they even want a say in what jokes make the cut! To me, that's the real joke.
He's quite the entertaining one, and dependable when it comes to handling matters. The only thing with this guy is... he's got a line he won't cross... having limitations always kills the vibe!
Graceful, entertaining, distinguished, yet dangerous... I'm just itching to bring someone like that down, but hey, her wrecking me... is totally on the table too!
Seriously, who'd ditch an invite to our "tavern" to go rub shoulders with the corporation's drones? Still, if he'd simply become a friend, our relationship with him today would be far less interesting...
A foolish sage or a wise fool... Who will I become next?
Let's push the envelope further, shall we?
Having fun? That's all that matters!
Rules, are made to be broken~
 I promise you won't be bored with me. Can you say the same?
 I promise you won't be bored with me. Can you say the same?
My dear Memokeeper, are you bold enough to let me guard your back?
Shouldn't the "Fool" introduce himself to everyone?
Oops, did that hurt?
The~ Game~ Is~ On~
Why don't you stay and play for a while?
You have 10 seconds — 10, 9...1!
I'll play the bad guy~
Don't move, okay?
Ouch ouch ouch.
Like that, huh?
Let's play hide and seek.
A thousand faces in a thousand places... can you find the answer?
Done playing for today...
Can I finish my nap first?
There's no power like team power~
Watch this~
That's what I call a good day~
That's it? Guess it'll have to do.
That's more like it!
Everyone likes a clever girl, right?
Better surrender while you have the chance~
Wonder where I'm needed this time?
Don't worry, I'll go easy.
Let's kick it up a notch.
Aw, isn't there more?
Not too shabby — wanna teach me next time?
Hey hey, I'm Sparkle! Got any cool, daring quests or risky biz? Just hit me up! If it piques my interest we can talk money. The main thing is about having a riot of a time, right?
Oh wow, we seem to be crossing paths a lot lately... Where could I have seen you before? Can you figure it out?
See you around, Nameless~ Try to stay out of trouble, especially... the next time we meet!
Me, I'm happy being a side character in the background, cheering on those who have the limelight, then, at the climax of the performance, I'll suddenly shoot into the sky— bang! Sparkling like fireworks into brilliant colors— You think the leading character would dare do this?
I'm not one with many talents, and having a dream isn't really my thing. But my latest goal is... getting into the Genius Society! Yes, I wanna impersonate a genius! Ha, I'm itching to try. Think anyone will fall for it?
An abandoned orphan, a cursed little girl, the last descendant of the puppet clan... I can tailor it to the tastes of the individual⁓
This world's just like a big non-stop circus showcasing beasts brawling all day and night: bears on unicycles, lions leaping through fire hoops, monkeys juggling bowls... The only thing that sets us "Fools" apart from the rest of you is we're already in on the act.
I dig jokes — there's just too much sorrow and resentment in the world. Sure, jokes won't make the world any better, but they don't make it any worse either.
Rules, societal dos and don'ts, all these made-up human moral codes — I've given it my all, but I just can't seem to shirk them!
So, we've got this arrogant Aeon named "Nanook" out there in the cosmos, and they genuinely believe that, without them, the entire universe wouldn't be headed straight for "Destruction!" Not funny? Okay, wanna hear my "Preservation" version?
The big shots think they know how this world ticks, so they're out here making all the rules, judging what's legal, what's moral... they even want a say in what jokes make the cut! To me, that's the real joke.
He's quite the entertaining one, and dependable when it comes to handling matters. The only thing with this guy is... he's got a line he won't cross... having limitations always kills the vibe!
Graceful, entertaining, distinguished, yet dangerous... I'm just itching to bring someone like that down, but hey, her wrecking me... is totally on the table too!
Seriously, who'd ditch an invite to our "tavern" to go rub shoulders with the corporation's drones? Still, if he'd simply become a friend, our relationship with him today would be far less interesting...
A foolish sage or a wise fool... Who will I become next?
Let's push the envelope further, shall we?
Having fun? That's all that matters!
Rules, are made to be broken~
 I promise you won't be bored with me. Can you say the same?
 I promise you won't be bored with me. Can you say the same?
My dear Memokeeper, are you bold enough to let me guard your back?
Shouldn't the "Fool" introduce himself to everyone?
Look who's graced us with their presence! Guess I'll be in your shadow now.
Oops, did that hurt?
The~ Game~ Is~ On~
Why don't you stay and play for a while?
You have 10 seconds — 10, 9...1!
I'll play the bad guy~
Don't move, okay?
Ouch ouch ouch.
Like that, huh?
Let's play hide and seek.
A thousand faces in a thousand places... can you find the answer?
Done playing for today...
Can I finish my nap first?
There's no power like team power~
Watch this~
That's what I call a good day~
That's it? Guess it'll have to do.
That's more like it!
Everyone likes a clever girl, right?
Better surrender while you have the chance~
Wonder where I'm needed this time?
Don't worry, I'll go easy.
Let's kick it up a notch.
Aw, isn't there more?
Not too shabby — wanna teach me next time?
Hey hey, I'm Sparkle! Got any cool, daring quests or risky biz? Just hit me up! If it piques my interest we can talk money. The main thing is about having a riot of a time, right?
Oh wow, we seem to be crossing paths a lot lately... Where could I have seen you before? Can you figure it out?
See you around, Nameless~ Try to stay out of trouble, especially... the next time we meet!
Me, I'm happy being a side character in the background, cheering on those who have the limelight, then, at the climax of the performance, I'll suddenly shoot into the sky— bang! Sparkling like fireworks into brilliant colors— You think the leading character would dare do this?
I'm not one with many talents, and having a dream isn't really my thing. But my latest goal is... getting into the Genius Society! Yes, I wanna impersonate a genius! Ha, I'm itching to try. Think anyone will fall for it?
An abandoned orphan, a cursed little girl, the last descendant of the puppet clan... I can tailor it to the tastes of the individual⁓
This world's just like a big non-stop circus showcasing beasts brawling all day and night: bears on unicycles, lions leaping through fire hoops, monkeys juggling bowls... The only thing that sets us "Fools" apart from the rest of you is we're already in on the act.
I dig jokes — there's just too much sorrow and resentment in the world. Sure, jokes won't make the world any better, but they don't make it any worse either.
Rules, societal dos and don'ts, all these made-up human moral codes — I've given it my all, but I just can't seem to shirk them!
So, we've got this arrogant Aeon named "Nanook" out there in the cosmos, and THEY genuinely believe that, without THEM, the entire universe wouldn't be headed straight for "Destruction!" Not funny? Okay, wanna hear my "Preservation" version?
The big shots think they know how this world ticks, so they're out here making all the rules, judging what's legal, what's moral... they even want a say in what jokes make the cut! To me, that's the real joke.
He's quite the entertaining one, and dependable when it comes to handling matters. The only thing with this guy is... he's got a line he won't cross... having limitations always kills the vibe!
Graceful, entertaining, distinguished, yet dangerous... I'm just itching to bring someone like that down, but hey, her wrecking me... is totally on the table too!
Seriously, who'd ditch an invite to our "tavern" to go rub shoulders with the corporation's drones? Still, if he'd simply become a friend, our relationship with him today would be far less interesting...
Pretty sharp, aren't you, Chicken Wing Boy?
Oh come on, lighten up! Why so serious with all the quotations and references?
I'm just curious — Now things have come to this, is The Family still unwilling to fight? I mean, your darling sister's already a goner, right?
Really? Don't tell me you're not craving a little vengeance.
Wow, you can endure that much? Truly, a heart of ice you've got there. Hey, maybe we could actually get along?
How about this? I'll stand in for your dear sister at events — surely you don't want the world to hear the Charmony Festival's been called off?
Alright, alright~ Just putting it out there... If you're ever in a pinch, remember I've got your back. I mean, who could resist a guy rocking spikes on his wings?
Is the smell of "Death" so enticing, my fine fellow?
I heard you got caught by The Family? I gave you a clear clue... "Befriend a mute." Simple and straightforward, you know...?
And what did you do? You messed it up and ended up as their prisoner. I told you to make friends with a mute, not become one yourself. You really let me down.
You know better than I do. Who watched the little songbird that couldn't sing perish right before their eyes? You did, Blondie.
Well, it means you'll soon end up like her, unable to speak ever again.
But it's a good thing, if you ask me, because...
...Oh?
Why should I help you?
...
...And what if I say "no"?
Well done. I admit I underestimated you, but what difference would it make?
Let me tell you something. There were two mutes, but one is dead now, and the other... Though "he" is still in Penacony, I'm afraid you'll never find "him" again.
How impressive! That's quite a fancy way of saying "I haven't learned anything so far."
Oh, really? "Only" sixteen system hours? Well, let me lend you a hand.
Here you go. This is my precious "Mutually Assured Destruction" button, and I have one just like it. When either of us presses it, the other and the whole of Penacony will go up in smoke.
If you're really so desperate for the IPC to take over Penacony... blowing up the chessboard isn't a bad idea. Start from scratch! That's where the IPC excels, right?
Just press the button when you're at your wit's end. And of course, feel free to reach out to me for my "hospice care" too!
I have my own ways. That's all you need to know.
You're still talking big... But sure, if that happens, I'll stay true to my word.
Just don't let me down now, okay?
Here, take this, little guest. This gift has been specially prepared for you by The Family.
Make sure to take good care of it until the opening of the Charmony Festival. Then, when the show reaches its climax — press the button together with the others around you...
You never know... something VERY exciting might happen!
Barely. The people here are way too gullible. A little bait is all it takes for them to bite, and they run away at the slightest hint of danger. In other words, they're naive and cowardly!
What? Now that you have the real Robin, I'm useless? Oh, how disheartening! I've done so much for The Family.
You should be thanking me because if it weren't for me cleaning up this mess... Penacony would still be in shambles. Don't you think?
The Charmony Festival? Heh, you think you can scare me? You think I've no idea what you're planning?
I don't care what you're thinking, chicken wing boy, but I'm pretty sure our lovely Robin won't be appearing on stage. After all, you're well aware of what a sorry state this Dreamscape is in under the banner of the Harmony...
Penacony, the Land of the Dreams... is this truly the paradise you desire?
What's the rush, chicken wing boy? Did I get to you?
Alright, alright. I'll go, but Robin, I suggest you seriously consider this...
...Do you really believe those living in dreams can escape pain and find true happiness?
Well, I've done my part, and now I'm simply waiting for the fireworks to begin.
Here, the last two gifts for both of you, and don't lose them. If, by some unfortunate chance, the Charmony Festival starts against all odds... remember to use them during the show.
And it'll be thrilling! Bang!
Always distinguish between reality and imagination... alright, Grey?
Ding-a-ling — I won~
Why not? "Miss Sparkle's body" appeared in all three of those skits just then.
My dear, why so serious? Haven't you been having a great time? I have, at least.
You take memories, and I get joy. We get what we need from each other. Seeing as we're such kindred spirits but also such loners... Why don't you come and work with me? We can dance ballet together~
A show of unprecedented splendor is about to be staged in Penacony. If you're too late to take the stage, you can work behind the scenes.
If you want to appreciate this drama, you have to stand up under that spotlight as you take the stage and watch the dancing envelop you — come with me, this is the best seat in the house!
...How did you know?
So you mean you're refusing?
Memokeeper... Did you think you could just leave?
...
My dear, I don't want to scare you. You'll know the answer sooner or later! We're just getting to know each other a little today. If you ever change your mind, come find me at the tavern — that is, IF you can find me, haha!
Let's go, Sam... Sampo?
...Sampo... Who is... Sampo?
...Really, I wouldn't do anything to her.
Since when did the Masked Fools suddenly start respecting agreements?
...Haha, just kidding! I love seeing that look on your face. Take this key to the tavern cellar. Third barrel on the left. You never saw me.
But Sampo... After all this time, what made you suddenly want to take back your mask? This doesn't seem like the Sampo I know...
Let me guess: A catastrophe is coming to Jarilo-VI, am I right?
If you're all out of options, please get in touch with me. I'm the kind of person who values friendship highly.
Fine, I'm just spitballing here. Don't take it so seriously...
...Why so serious?
...Miss Sparkle's body.
Sparkle was disguised as Sparkle's body.
Ding-a-ling~ Now comes the most exciting and romantic moment in any drama: the audience challenge!
Memokeeper... Do you think you can just leave?
Hey, let me ask you something...
Is following girls around like a lost puppy your way of getting their attention? You've been doing this for nearly half a system hour.
*sigh* Spare me. Beautiful eyes though — are you from Sigonia?
My eyes might not be as pretty as yours, but there's no problem with my vision...
You Sigonians are notorious throughout the entire universe! Liars, thieves, social manipulators, wolves in sheep's clothing... You're really living up to the reputation.
I say you belong to the space under the manhole cover, not in a dream. There's one right over there. Off you go!
Cut it out and go home, you slick talker. We are Fools, but we aren't stupid. We aren't interested in playing the friend game with the lapdogs of the IPC.
Do you think I know nothing about the history of Penacony? Don't drag me into your banal office politics.
You sound very sure of yourself. Looks like you've already convinced that Chicken Wing Boy from The Family.
How did you do it, little peacock? Did you strip yourself naked, apologize to him on your knees, and promise that IPC would never harm Penacony?
Friends? Oh, please. You guys only treat others as your bargaining chips.
But the smarter ones wouldn't have joined the game in the first place. See? I'm smarter.
Listen, little peacock. You've been invited by the Tavern before too. If you want the Masked Fools to get onboard, you need to figure out what it is {RUBY_B#Aha}The Laughter{RUBY_E#} wants.
Here's a hint for you — Since you can't convince anyone, why don't you befriend a mute? At least, a mute won't be able to refute your arguments. *laughs*
So long!
Remember what I said? You Sigonians are better off hiding in the sewers...
Look at you, snooping around and sticking your nose everywhere...
What a pity. Such a pity. My dear, you were so-so-so-SO close to the right answer. Unfortunately, the right answer is...
...
My name is Mingxi. I'm the secretary of Aurum Alley Merchant Guild — most people just call me Miss Secretary. This leasing dispute is between the IPC and the Merchant Guild — you shouldn't have been dragged into it.
As things stand now, the Merchant Guild is in no position to pay back the lease.
Yes, the entire port... Now we owe the IPC an arm and a leg.
The food hawkers are thriving, but dock operations and other businesses are stretched to the breaking point.
If we cut costs and tap into new revenue streams, we can turn things around. A lot of vendors in Aurum Alley don't want anything to do with the dock though, so it may be hard to find new sources of revenue...
Cutting costs means reducing expenses. As you can see, the dock isn't even fully utilized, and the workers, well...
I didn't realize you were such an entrepreneur.
You'd be more than welcome.
Don't worry, the situation is already bad as it is, so it's no big deal if things don't pan out. You can be on this project as our consultant.
Don't worry, the situation is already bad as it is, so it's no big deal if things don't pan out. You can be on this project as our consultant.
Hahaha, this will certainly save us on shipping costs.
I see your point. If you have the time, could you accompany me to Heron Express' Aurum Alley branch office?
Mr. Yuanfeng...
...The word got out pretty quickly, huh?
We made our inventory more efficient, but the dock workers said we still need a way to distribute the goods. I was wondering if Heron Express would be interested...
...That's a good point.
*sigh* We can only blame ourselves for letting them get away with it for so long.
Don't worry, I'll explain all the details to you later.
If we can't pay back the rent, the financial damages will be manageable, but the reputational damage will be irreparable. If the Merchant Guild loses everyone's trust, it'll become an empty shell of its former self... and without the Merchant Guild, the IPC will have no competitors in Aurum Alley's business district.
On the logistics side, we can reduce costs by making sure the delivery routes are planned efficiently.
Please give it a try.
After the Ambrosial Arbor disaster, the use of jade abaci for any kind of strategic planning was restricted to certain departments. For business planning in Aurum Alley, we can only rely on our brains.
Also, the duties of a Merchant Guild consultant include planning, negotiation and strategy... We're going to be relying on you for more than just delivery routes.
I knew it! You're the heroes who can help us revitalize Aurum Alley.
...Well, Aurum Alley was originally the busiest night market in Exalting Sanctum. In days past, this alley, famed for its food and commerce, was brimming with aurumatons collecting goods for their masters... but that prosperity has long since passed.
Restrictions were placed on civilian aurumatons, and new commercial centers began to spring up. It was like being on a gentle downhill slope — everyone knew things were changing, but no one thought it was serious.
When the Luofu was moored for maintenance and trade with the IPC increased, a new threat emerged for the Merchant Guild — the IPC's announcement of a bid for the development of Aurum Alley. Their promises were visible, tangible, and extremely aggressive.
When the "gentle downhill slope" suddenly became the edge of a cliff, no one could pretend to ignore it anymore. Both the Merchant Guild and Aurum Alley itself were in jeopardy.
The contract for operating Aurum Alley's business district is about to expire, and the IPC's regional director has seen an opportunity. They orchestrated the dock debt crisis, and that's just the beginning.
Meanwhile, vendors in Aurum Alley have expressed mixed feelings about the IPC — some see it as a crouching tiger with malicious intentions, while others see the IPC's promise of high profits as a chance to turn things around...
But now the chill is setting in — everyone is worried that Aurum Alley is going to disappear. The Merchant Guild has to do something to help the merchants here.
Therefore, on behalf of the Merchant Guild, I would like to formally extend an invitation to you all to serve as "business advisors" in the plan to save Aurum Alley.
Excellent.
The Merchant Guild is tight on funds, but we'll be sure to make it worth your time.
...Is that how you feel? Well, don't turn down the offer just yet.
Why don't you talk it over with everyone first?
What do you think? Will you become a business advisor for Aurum Alley?
Great!
Glad to hear.
A willingness to help is all we need.
I still haven't discussed any of this with the president — let's go pay them a visit.
I've already seen your abilities — there's nothing to be nervous about.
Now that that's settled, please come see me at the dock when you have time.
You'll be able to help the dock workers do the inventory and help Heron Express with logistics planning.
I keep tabs on all the goings-on in Aurum Alley, including rumors and the latest gossip. If we can solve some of the problems in the community, it could help in rejuvenating Aurum Alley.
Sure.
Just come see me at the dock when you have time.
You'll be able to help the dock workers do the inventory and help Heron Express with logistics planning.
I keep tabs on all the goings-on in Aurum Alley, including rumors and the latest gossip. If we can solve some of the problems in the community, it could help in rejuvenating Aurum Alley.
Anytime you need anything, come find me.
The important thing right now is to generate enough revenue before the payment due date.
I'll be off to the dock then. Stop by anytime.
Now that you're here, let's get started on the dock-related work.
Sorry, I should've stepped in.
Before the payment due date arrives, I'm going to teach you two how to fight — with words! Follow me — we're going to see the president.
Mr. A-Feng... Our goal at the Merchant Guild is to help make Aurum Alley a better place for everyone. Why would you work against that?
The payment for the dock is ready now. If you're ready for the next round of negotiations, come and see me at the dock.
The IPC representative has arrived, and I've called for Miss Xikui from the Sky-Faring Commission to act as a notary.
Before we start, let's review the documents we have.
We reached the required amount by the repayment date. This is the basis for our right to continue negotiations and is a testament to the business viability of Aurum Alley.
When the Aurum Alley dock went up for public bid, the IPC won the bid using its interstellar trade resources and extensive capital. Then the IPC leased the dock out to the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild for management and operations.
This contract can prove that the Merchant Guild has legitimate rights to operate the dock.
The testimony of dock worker A-Feng, who has admitted to disrupting the normal operations of the dock in exchange for payment from the IPC.
Let's go. The notary from the Sky-Faring Commission is already waiting for us.
These are the funds from Aurum Alley Merchant Guild. The Guild has turned a profit and is able to pay back what it owes.
Thanks to all of you, we managed to pull through the dock's debt crisis.
Undoubtedly, yes.
Worth every step.
We should take advantage of the momentum to upgrade the Aurum Alley dock and increase its transaction volume.
I'm preparing to upgrade inventory and logistics planning. The previously-idle dock is now ready for use, so come see me when you have time.
Thanks to your help, the lease was paid off and the dock capacity is increasing. I told the workers to clear out areas that weren't utilized and use them to store extra cargo.
Now the dock can support collaboration with more businesses. Let's keep working together for the revival of Aurum Alley!
I have something to tell you — we achieved our revenue goal for this quarter! This is all thanks to you two, not to mention the merchants of Aurum Alley.
The Merchant Guild promises that we will use the money where it is meant to be spent — no disappointments!
The funds will be used for the overall repair and upgrade of the dock... which means we won't be able to use the dock's shipping logistics for a while.
In order to reward you and Sushang for your long hours of work, the Merchant Guild has ordered some gourmet snacks from Tall Auntie, so you can rest for a bit and prepare for the revival of Aurum Alley.
I apologize, inventory arrangement and logistics planning are currently unavailable.
The Merchant Guild is making preparations for new developments at the dock, so you can come back once the safety check is all said and done.
There's been an unexpected change in plans — I've received word that the president has ordered me to stop all upgrades to the dock immediately.
There's no way he couldn't know.
Now's not the time for jokes.
Now's not the time for jokes.
I'm also confused. Let's go have a word with him.
I sent a message to Sushang telling her to meet up at Oldies Depot.
...
...President, I hope you understand that I am in no way vying for power over Aurum Alley. I have listened to the president's vision of prosperity since I was a child, and I want to work to achieve that vision. But currently, your ideas conflict with ours.
Yes, I'll do my best, President.
Madam Yukong is looking for us. Let's be on our way.
Thank you, Madam Yukong!
Mr. Xiao, I'm Mingxi, the secretary of the Merchant Guild. We're here to talk about—
I don't recall.
Let's leave for now.
We need the support of the merchants for the dock, and we wanted to see if your father could join us...
We heard that Mr. Xiao proposed to "reorganize" the Merchant Guild, and we wanted to ask why.
He always says the Alley deserves another chance.
Thank you! Now that you have joined our revival project, I'm sure many others will follow suit.
Now that Mr. Xiao is on board, his shop can be part of the logistics network we've been working on.
I'll head back to the dock for now. Thanks for all the hard work by the way — hope things work out just as smoothly down the line.
Right on time! Xiaohan is about to share his strategy for the upcoming hearing.
The president and Madam Yukong are here. Ready?
Before we start, let's review the documents we have.
This is the most direct achievement of our revival project. More importantly, it's evidence that the Alley has regained its footing. The money will serve as the bidding deposit for Aurum Alley.
The hearing is about to begin.
This record reflects the change in Artistry Hardware's turnover and the increase in customers since it partnered with the dock.
Mr. President, the way I see it, you shouldn't regard the Alley as a souvenir from the past.
Aurum Alley should embrace change, as its residents do.
Thanks to your help, the dock is running at full capacity. Just like last time, I told the workers to clear out areas that weren't utilized and use them to store extra cargo.
We now have the additional capacity to work with more businesses and have also opened a new route leading to the port. With streamlined logistics planning, I think we'll see a revitalized Alley in no time!
Some time ago, I asked Sushang to have a chat with Yancui to see if we could secure Spices Supreme as the next client for the dock. I've heard Sushang has made some progress.
But she could use some extra hands. Would you mind helping her out?
Thanks so much. I would have helped her myself, but I've been drowning in paperwork in preparation for the bidding.
Sorry, I would have helped her myself, but I've been drowning in paperwork in preparation for the bidding.
The guild will make it worth your while. Pleaaaase~
Sushang is waiting for you at Spices Supreme. Go find her when you have the time.
Yancui has just told me to go ahead with the partnership.
I can't say for certain, but with you on board, our chances have greatly increased.
Mr. President, they've arrived.
It never struck me that someone as humble and kind as Xiaohan would work together with the likes of Skott.
Palace of Astrum is up ahead. Ready?
Before we place our bid, let's go over our key points again.
This is the most tangible achievement of our Alley revival project. It demonstrates that the Alley still has plenty of life in it.
Having enough funding to back up our bid is key to competing with the IPC.
It goes to show that the Alley still lives up to its name as one of the best food destinations.
The president conducted a poll to gather the shops' opinions on the future of the Alley.
More and more shops have voiced their support for the guild and expressed their confidence in our revival project.
Let's go. The bidding is about to begin.
No. Usually you just submit your bid and wait for the result.
But Madam Yukong wants us to have a proper debate to better understand each other's points.
Indeed. Xiaohan is eloquent and knows exactly what he wants, not to mention the funding he gets from the IPC. It will be an uphill battle.
That said, this is also our chance to make a strong case for ourselves.
Well said, Sushang.
According to the poll we conducted earlier with business owners, most of them have already partnered with the Merchant Guild and wish to preserve their current business model. Artistry Hardware is among the shops that registered this answer.
As Xiaohan mentioned, the IPC sees the dock as the most valuable asset the Alley has to offer, but for us, the local shops are what makes the Alley special.
The guild serves the sole purpose of helping local businesses. We will help the Alley reclaim the title of "the best night market on the Luofu".
The revival you envision involves throwing pots of money into building a port while forcing away most local businesses. Wouldn't that erase the very identity of the Alley?
Our approach protects the people who made the Alley what it is today.
Sorry, I was zoning out.
I'd heard that Xiaohan had matured a lot since returning from his study abroad. It would appear the time he spent outside the Xianzhou really did make him a better person.
You're right.
It really got me thinking... Even though it seems like we're doing the right thing, will we still think so ten years from now?
...Sorry, you don't have to listen to me daydreaming. I'll head back to the dock for now.
Ah, you're here. I'm the one who dragged you into all this — I must thank you again.
Thank you for everything you've done for the guild and the Alley.
You two have done a lot to help us. You deserve every bit of praise.
You two have done a lot to help us. You deserve every bit of praise.
Now that I've finally got some free time, I'm starting to reflect on the choices I made and the reasons behind them.
The president and Xiaohan had different perspectives because they came from different backgrounds... and I can't help but feel the decisions I made were somewhat restricted by my own background.
If that's true, the only way to get a wider perspective is to leave my comfort zone and look outward. The answer to reviving Aurum Alley isn't necessarily within the Alley itself...
...and that's why I secured an internship opportunity at Pier Point with the help of Xiaohan. Once I wrap up here, I'll be on my way.
I plan to entrust the Alley to you two. If you ever need any help, just ask the president.
I hope I can come back with new insights. Bye for now, I'll see you when I get back.
My colleagues from the Merchant Guild Promotion Department came up with a slogan, "Reclaim Aurum Alley's Golden Glory!"
Mr. Yuanfeng from the Heron Express sees cycranes as family — and he said he'd never turn his back on family.
People are grumbling about cycranes making our jobs obsolete.
IPC sales reps are telling the shops to stay open for at least eight hours a day. They should take a look around them...
The dock workers are always yelling "lay 'em out!" before stocking the merchandise. It scares me to death every time.
There's still more work to do to revitalize Aurum Alley. Let's give it our all.
Regardless of the IPC's wishes, positive changes need to be made to Aurum Alley.
Thanks to you and Sushang, Aurum Alley's success is nearly a done deal!
My colleagues from the Merchant Guild Accounting Department want me to remind you that we haven't met our revenue target for this phase yet.
The Merchant Guild's funds are not exactly overflowing right now. We need to work harder.
Out of money already...? The Merchant Guild has thrown together some funds... Try to spend it more slowly this time.
Workers from the Logistics Department said that you haven't claimed your Merchant Guild benefits yet. Please don't forget to claim them.
There are more urgent issues that need to be taken care of first.
We should set the dock matters aside for now. There are more urgent issues at hand.
Different matters have different priorities. There are more urgent issues that need our attention right now.
The dock is undergoing an unscheduled safety inspection. It would be best if you took care of other urgent issues first.
I've gathered a lot of info on Aurum Alley. Want to take a look?
Solving merchants' problems and earning their trust — that's what any good merchant guild should do!
It's fantastic — many folks began lending the Merchant Guild a hand after you helped them out.
There has been an influx of tourists in Aurum Alley lately. There's even a long line for Immortal's Delight.
The tourists say that they've been seeing a lot more cycranes on the streets recently. Take a look for yourself.
If we keep going the long way around, we'll be in the red...
Heron Express said that the logistics plans aren't complete yet... Should we double-check them?
Our current plan hasn't been rated too highly... Maybe we can improve it a bit?
Transportation via freight starskiffs can be costly. Use the space available to the best of your ability.
The dock's storage is starting to overflow... Hurry and start shipping!
Name's Boothill. Those who've heard of me know what I'm about. Those who haven't... well, for the sake of your own skin, you best keep it that way.
This is some fudgin' fine weather we're havin'. Wonder which little son of a nice lady is gonna run outta luck today.
I won't fool myself thinkin' our paths'll cross again... but if they do, let's hope I ain't pushin' up daisies.
A few thousand years back, folks called those deadly gunslingers "Boothills." You see, it ain't exactly a name meant for the living, and well, I guess I ain't quite what you'd call "alive," ha!
So, here's the thing: Someone went and tinkered with my Synesthesia Beacon, so now every time you muddle-fudgers hear me chinwaggin' with those shirtbags, it's all a bunch of "fudge this" and "fork that"... See what I'm sayin'?
This here's "Bart 17 Years" straight from the Cuhvallun system, aged in sherry barrels, an absolute beast of peat. If Malt Juice ain't your poison, try pouring some strawberry milkshake over freshly tilled soil and voilà, classic peaty flavor! Bon appétit.
You seen them travel brochures the IPC puts out? Places worth seein' are all marked as being "Travel Risks". Well, that's the upside of being a wanted man, I AM the "RISK"! So those places? Zero risk for me.
Might be that my pockets are filled with ill-gotten gains, but I stick to my principles! Rule one: Never use dirty money for pleasure. Rule two: Credit ain't the same as cash. And rule three: A bit of fun don't count as indulgence. I never break these rules!
*excited* Nine millimeter — the eternal classic. With a little good old-fashioned phosphorus tracer, you've got yourself some popping candy — with extra pop. What's the sayin' again? "Tracer bullets work both sides of the fence..." meanin' they're enough to scare away the small fry... but still bring in the big fish.
The cosmos is like a slob's kitchen – open up any cupboard, and you'll find nests of those corporate ash-voles in 'em scurryin' about. Means this place still needs some tidyin' up.
In this life, you gotta believe in some things and doubt others. Believe in folks' good intentions, the value of courage, and all that other hodgepodge. But never believe that these good things will just fall into your lap – you gotta make 'em happen.
Ever seen The Hunt's Lux Arrow? If you ever do, make sure not to stare directly... That's how I ended up losin' my right eye and got this here body... Hahahaha, just pullin' your leg!
I've always had a thing for those Xianzhou folks. This guy's a good one, and like me, he ain't much for talkin', preferring to express himself with his weapon. We're bound to hit it off!
I ain't got no idea what her story is, nor why she's parading around as a Galaxy Ranger... but that's alright. If a fella like me can uphold the justice, it means there ain't just one road to righteousness!
Trackin' down this Memokeeper friend is only as tough as you make it for yourself. Wasting time sniffin' around for info is just like shootin' blanks. Better to just sit tight and meditate on "come find me" – who knows, she might just waltz on over.
What's that old saying again? Got it! The path to hell is paved with good intentions! That's the one!
Funny how fate works, we crossed paths before. Finding someone in this vast universe with such similar taste ain't easy y'know, both of us clad in silver, both packin' heat... And the cherry on top, we're both oozing with righteousness.
Ha! That guy's as notorious as they come, just like me – a madman who throws caution to the wind. Maybe I should step it up, get him out of the way quicker... Haha, double my bounty in no time!
In that bunch of no-goods at the firm, she's considered one of the better ones, right? But as long as she's with the IPC, she's no different from the rest of 'em – all cut from the same cloth!
You look like you've seen a ghost. Did you think we all went extinct? Haha! Well, that's the price you pay for being off grid for too long.
I ain't hijacked anything! What, chatting with someone while holding a gun is considered a hijacking?
This is hilarious. The tale that this bunch of fools spin is getting out of hand — there's even a bit about the Galaxy Rangers being turned into gibbons by Dr. Primitive, and they're in some valley screwing around on swings.
Of course, I know you won't believe me. Which is also why, similarly, I have a hard time believing that you're the real Nameless.
See the bullets in this gun? 9-millimeter, an eternal classic. I may need the Astral Express' help right now, but if you're an imposter just like that one... Tsk, then this bullet might just end up in my head.
I can't allow myself to be exposed to danger. That's just the way it goes. So, you all have to first prove yourselves... Huh, where you going?
Hah? It's a... muddle-fudger... the Jade Abacus of Allying Oath?! The Xianzhou really gave this to you guys?!
...Not bad, kiddo.
And across these sprawlin' stars, a gentle squeeze is all it takes to rustle up a whole legion of Cloud Knights. Now I reckon that'd be one fudgin' sight to behold.
Been ages since the Galaxy Rangers had the spotlight shone on 'em, and we ain't equipped with such fancy gadgets. But I've been around the block enough to know the way to handle these types of situations is easy as pie...
Alright then, feel free to toss any question my way, and let's see if my answers can't earn your trust. If your gut tells you otherwise, it still ain't too late to show me the door.
If I truly am a real Galaxy Ranger, you stand to lose nothing.
Ha, my friend, this question is a hard one. Don't think I can even consider us an "organization" to begin with.
Everyone's on their own fated path along The Hunt, with their own resolute sense of righteousness, and not so... welcome among such so-called universal values.
I'm guessing you're gonna ask about some form of shared faith, right? But us Galaxy Rangers don't need that sort of thing. What brings us together is a shared bottom line.
Never bully the weak, never kill the innocent... These oaths aren't some lofty beliefs, but the fundamental bottom line that one must never cross as a person.
As Galaxy Rangers, we strictly adhere to the bottom line — when someone crosses them, The Hunt's vengeance will surely come knockin'.
And in this moment, the other crucial meaning of "bottom line" comes into play — as long as you don't cross it, you're free to do whatever you please, you catch my drift?
I already said that I seek no trouble. I must go to Penacony for a matter, but I don't have an invite, and I can't even enter The Family's hotel doors. If only... I could borrow the Nameless' identity. The entire cosmos knows you're guests of The Family.
Oh! You've hit the nail on the head... This is why I'm here! It's fine if I tell you — the Rangers are pursuing an imposter, a son of a nice lady posing as one of us. She's on Penacony right now.
My informant is a Memokeeper. She's the same as all memetic organisms — appearing one moment, and gone the next. She scares the fudge outta me. Still, she gave me some vital info.
Is that the third question?
It isn't, just that you might not believe me. That person calls herself Acheron, and according to our informant, she could be... an Emanator of Nihility.
That's what I said. Don't worry. When I first received the news, I had the exact same reaction as you.
Then you must know that Emanators can also conceal their own identities, which, for many people, is better that way. Otherwise, there'd be wanton bloodshed across the cosmos, or even... perhaps... turning their back on the Path they're supposed to follow.
I had the good fortune of running into an Elation Emanator — its appearance was no different than that of those clowns. If it weren't through sheer luck that I got it drunk, I would have never known of its eminent status!
Even in the purest Hunt, you'll find the Xianzhou Alliance under the spotlight and Galaxy Rangers lurking in the shadows. Paths are inevitably concepts created by people, and exist in planes beyond our understanding.
To reckon that Nihility Emanators don't exist...? Maybe we just ain't nihilistic enough.
So do you understand now? Your companions are in danger, and it's pretty harrowing. If you don't want to believe me, you'd best send a message to 'em. But I'd advise you to move fast...
We don't know what's happening in the Dreamscape, or how much of what the Memokeeper said is true...
And that Acheron... Who knows what she intends to do.
(Dan Heng seems pretty worried about his companions. I should give him some space. Stressing out about it won't help anything.)
(This place is too big... I better not wander too far in case he can't find me later.)
This is where my street smarts come into play.
Wow! This bar is something else — certainly worthy of the Planet of Festivities.
Hah! Now the plans have changed again!
Me? I'm Pom-Pom, a new Nameless who's also with the Astral Express.
...How about this? Give me their room number, and we'll go check on them ourselves.
How about you just wake up someone? Let's say... Welt?
So nothing works, huh? What's your solution then? Are you saying we sleep here, at the reception?
Fudge! Look, nothin' personal, but if you can't handle this, go find someone else who can, okay?
I have a bad feeling about this. You tried to contact them on the Express earlier, but they didn't respond.
Sure thing — just don't keep me waiting forever.
Hey, are you guys here for the Charmony Festival too?
Well, you never know, right? Maybe on her world birthdays only happen once an Amber Era?
Anyway, let's forget about that. Have you heard about the... uh, unsettling things happening in the Dreamscape?
Oh! That's a relief! I didn't come all this way to see the festival go down the drain!
(Well, looks like I won't get any fudgin' clues outta these two — they're clueless.)
Hello! So, there's something I wanted to ask about... I've been hearing some unsettling rumors about certain incidents that might affect the Charmony Festival...
Do you think there's anything to be worried about? I've traveled all the way from the Hyai'i Federation, and I don't want my trip to be ruined!
Wait, you haven't heard?
Ah, that's a relief to hear.
(She doesn't appear to be acting. So it seems that even the hotel staff are out of the loop.)
Back already?
Nope. I'm starting to wonder if sending her to contact Sunday was a good idea.
Neither the staff nor the guests seem to know anything about what's happening in the Dreamscape, and wherever we go, all we see is people enjoying themselves... Definitely not a good sign.
Well I'll be forked... if I remember correctly, the head of the Oak Family is that Sunday guy, right?
Not so fast. Have you ever robbed the IPC, bro? If you run away now, everyone will be chasing after you.
I wouldn't say "do nothing", but let's stay put for now. Even if The Family has ulterior motives, they couldn't have anticipated us showing up here. We're the surprise factor for them.
They don't want to attract unwanted attention from certain outsiders, so they won't do anything reckless... See? The IPC lackeys are keeping a close eye on this hotel.
Of course, we don't need to walk into their trap. I gave a backup plan to the Memokeeper. If it turns out we won't be allowed to enter the Dreamscape, she'll order a drink for me in the VIP Lounge at the hotel in reality.
That's right.
I'm sorry, but it's one of my quirks. I have too many unreliable friends, and if I reveal that I have backup plans, things can... things can go awry. And that would leave all backup plans completely useless.
You're the lobby manager, right?
We're the Nameless from the Astral Express! We wanted to check in, but there's something wrong with your system! The lady at the front desk said she would contact the manager, but now she's nowhere to be found!
We've been waitin' here forever, without any food or water! What the fork, man? Is this how The Family treats its guests?
It's called "standing up for your rights."
See? Just like that.
Hey... I have an order for a bottle of Asdana's White Oak. Can you help us find it?
No way. Are you sure you're not mistaken?
That's strange... could it be that the Memokeeper couldn't afford it?
No need to rush. Let's grab some drinks first. Maybe I arrived too early and she hasn't come yet.
Let's see what kind of juice malts you all have here... Well, give me a glass of Hinnom Valley 40 Years. I'll have it neat, no ice.
Hah, it's on the house anyway...
Ahh! This flavor... Dynamite Barbecue with Rocket Fuel... It really hits the spot! Truly the finest sherry cask-aged malt juice in the cosmos.
Hey, this guy doesn't know anything at all.
Let's give the Memokeeper another half system hour. If she doesn't show up, we'll need to come up with a new plan. In the meantime, let's take stock of the situation. What do you think?
Actually, there's something else I'm concerned about — regarding Acheron.
As you know, the faction that follows the path of The Hunt are some of the most dangerous folks in the Cosmos to mess with. I mean, who in their right mind would impersonate the Xianzhou Alliance or the Galaxy Rangers? It's like asking for a death wish...
Isn't there a saying among the Xianzhou people that "the Reignbow sect lets their Lux Arrow do all the beating..."
Well, you know what I mean. Even though the Galaxy Rangers have been out of sight for years, we've been keeping an eye on this region. Even the dumbest criminals know better than to mess with the Annihilation Gang, much less the Rangers.
But that Acheron lady... she doesn't seem like a lunatic at all. On the contrary, she's highly logical and organized. She knows exactly when to hold back and when to strike without mercy.
I'm not entirely sure, but I do have my suspicions. Maybe she knows a Galaxy Ranger, or perhaps she's trying to lure us out for some reason... which I can't figure out.
Maybe it's Xipe the Harmony pulling the strings. You find it beyond human understanding because it wasn't arranged by humans at all.
People do stupid things out of irrational impulses. They abandon their principles when self-interest is involved. They believe in things they know they shouldn't, and fudge— they even break their own rules!
But Aeons don't. They stick to their determined path and never turn back, even if they reach a dead end!
It may not necessarily be Xipe, but there's definitely some higher entity involved. I know it may sound pessimistic, but if human free will were reliable, why would we even need Galaxy Rangers?
It's much simpler when you boil it down to the Aeons and Paths, like how Lan always follows the path of The Hunt or how the Express stays true to the Trailblaze despite Akivili's disappearance.
Oh? So you're saying the Nameless now have to take responsibility for their own choices because their "absolutely right" leader is gone?
I don't know what you've been through, but I agree that people must take responsibility for their choices, because no one else can do it for them.
That's why the Galaxy Rangers need to uncover the impostor... and figure out her true intentions.
Oh! Just in time!
Finally, Memokeeper! Well, let's cut to the chase. Spill everything you know.
What!? You Garden of Recollection shirtbag, you betrayed me!?
Trustworthy? Ha... hahahahaha! Son of a nice lady! You think I'm dumb or something?
How about this? I'll put a few bullet holes in your head and see what secrets spill out, then we can talk about "trust"...
No other options? What do you mean?
Just in case, I have a backup plan if the Memokeeper doesn't show up... this is my final backup plan, I promise.
Well, going back to my old career would make things a lot easier.
By the way, when you were walking around the hotel, did you happen to see any... important-looking guests?
It's simple. We just grab some hostages and use them as bargaining chips with The Family. Or maybe we can even take their identities...
Wait! Are you getting scared? Draw your weapon! Let's make a big scene!
...Huh? Asdana's White Oak? But didn't you just say...
...Oh, right! Sorry, my memory's not the best. You know, too many modifications and all. Anyway, let me check... Well fork me... It's Asdana's White Oak alright, and there's a note...
..."I'll be waiting for you on the Astral Express."
Well, looks like we took a detour, but now it's back to the Astral Express. So, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
Holy forkeroni... So, you're saying that the two leaderless Paths are working behind the scenes?
Holy Wubbaboo! This is getting way too complicated. Is this why you want us to leave Asdana right away? Are you giving up?
Hold on, are you thinking of using the Jade Abacus of Allying Oath?
Think it over carefully. You can only use that once in your lifetime.
Well fork me! You must be that Stellaron they were talkin' about.
No need for thanks! The Galaxy Rangers' principle is "Correct every injustice one sees". That's how you lot on the Xianzhou put it, right, Dan Heng?
Haha, good question! It's...
...
Who was it again? Uh, Dan Heng, do you remember?
Nah, that ain't it. I just can't seem to recall. Weird, my neuro chip hasn't registered any malfunctions...
Uh... heck, forget about it! If it's slipped all our minds, reckon that person was just a minor scoundrel, unimportant. Ain't gonna stop us from piecin' together the story anyhow.
This a meeting to decide on our next stop? How we doin' this, by show of hands?
Hah, I'm just catching a lift. Don't sweat it!
This Astral Express sure is comfy... but, I got one tiny problem with it. How come there ain't no potent drinks on this ride?
I can live without malt juice, but at least stock somethin' else! Like that "White Gem," common as dirt and not too pricey.
You can't use that 12-years-of-age rule against a mighty Ranger like me!
Uh, well... That's a different kind of "strong"...
Ha, all these years out in the wild, and now I'm bunkin' in luxury... Gotta say, it's quite the treat.
You guys go. I'm an outsider after all — I'd rather not disrupt a long-awaited reunion.
This is a critical moment for the whole universe! Who cares about some dumb number?
...No, no need for that.
Keep your once-in-a-lifetime treasure. We don't need to bother the Xianzhou Alliance for such a tiny request. You want thousands of people with unwavering free will? Hah, that's easy...
Just leave it to us Galaxy Rangers.
Hah! Outsiders may see Galaxy Rangers as elusive and disconnected individuals, and actually... they're right! And that's why we have a tacit understanding among us...
Do you know what it is, Acheron?
Exactly. Its owner must have told you that it's meaningless to anyone other than a Galaxy Ranger, and that it can only fulfill its purpose when returned to its rightful owner.
Because it's a burial artifact, worthy only of a hero who has served the Galaxy Rangers with honor. When its light illuminates the universe, it means the fall of a hero, and in the direction it falls...
Countless meteors will streak across the sky. Those "meteors" are Galaxy Rangers coming from all corners of the Cosmos, driven by a shared purpose, without questioning the cause or counting the cost. Because we abide by a common principle...
The shooting stars of The Hunt only descend on the longest night, and with them... comes the dawn.
We've stayed silent for far too long. Now, it's time to remind all the cowards, oppressors, and villains of the universe of our presence! I'll be the one to ignite the first spark.
Now that our roles are assigned, let's get to our battlefields and pose a grand finale!
Screwubbaboo, I just put them to sleep! Don't try to intimidate me with that nonsense. Besides, I've taken down more IPC lackeys than the residual value you've squeezed, and I don't mind adding a few more zeroes to my wanted poster.
I have a question for you. Be honest, or I don't mind putting a bullet into your head.
Tell me... Where is {RUBY_B#Head of Marketing Development Department}Oswaldo Schneider{RUBY_E#}?
Long time no see! Having fun on Penacony, Acheron?
Though I don't know exactly what you are or what you're up to...
My bullets will find you — until then, you best find a casket store on Penacony, and ask the owner to reserve a good quality casket for you, imposter!
Huh? Did I make a mistake? Who the fudge are you?
Heh! Not bad. This is the kind of tough challenge I like. Are you that imposter's bodyguard? Never mind. It's fine. I'll leave a round for you, so get that forehead clean and wait for me!
Haha, are you asking me to write your will? Sure, go ahead.
...
Hahahaha, sure! Never thought I'd come across an ally. Fudge, what a stroke of luck!
I'll be on Penacony soon. Memokeeper, go buy a bottle of Asdana's White Oak and warm it up, and I'll raise a glass to you.
That lady's past? Nobody knows. But if all you want is a simple answer, sure, you best get a chair and take a seat. That woman named Acheron...
—is an Emanator who should not exist.
I'm sorry, fluffy. I really have something urgent to attend to, so I had no choice but to resort to asking this favor of you all.
Hey partner, what's with the hostility? I thought pulling this thing out was just a way of saying hello?
My name's Boothill, and I'm a Galaxy Ranger.
Hmm?
Ha, Wilder! I was just wondering where you'd got to...
So, I presume you two have heard about the Interastral Tournament Festival? Have you come to show off your skills?
Hahaha, just as I expected — you're exactly as they say in the rumors!
It doesn't matter, my friend. What matters is that we're now acquainted!
Haha, look at me, forgetting my manners.
My name is Giovanni di Giorgio da Epsilon, a humble private trader from Epsilon, and the sole sponsor of this year's Interastral Tournament Festival...
...If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to ask.
Hahaha, no harm done! Your candid personality is charming, Miss March.
You truly live up to your reputation as the saviors of Belobog. Such keen insight!
Hahaha, how humorous! As much as I'd like to oblige, this mask is a necessary precaution for me. Let's leave something to the imagination, shall we?
Now, let me answer Miss March's question — as you can see, the Interastral Tournament Festival is about to be held on this beautiful icy planet...
...and as the sole sponsor of this event, it's only natural for me to come to the tournament venue and check on its operations.
Furthermore, I'd also like to get to know the players of the tournament, including yourselves. One can never have too many friends when it comes to doing business in this vast universe of ours.
If you'd be willing to call me "friend," it would be a great honor to have you as such!
Haha, to have made friends like you — what a joyous day.
Haha, I understand your sentiment! In that case, allow me to show you a little more sincerity.
I believe Wilder has already filled you in on Aetherium Wars, but if you have any questions about the Interastral Tournament Festival, I'll be more than happy to answer them for you!
Don't worry, Wilder! It's only natural that I introduce the festival to my new friends here. You can go ahead and attend to other matters while I show these two around.
Feel free to ask me about the Interastral Tournament Festival and the venue. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
Belobog's weapon testing ground — at least it was 700 years ago.
While renovating this place, we stumbled upon quite a few automaton production lines, all covered in thick layers of dust. Several hundred years ago, the people of Belobog tested the performance of their combat automatons here.
But now, under my sponsorship, the IPC and the Aetherium Wars Gaming Association have transformed this place into the competition venue for the tournament — in other words, this place is now my "arena."
Of course! This project has been approved personally by the president of the Belobog Architecture Guild and the Minister of Culture.
As for whether they received the approval of the Supreme Guardian, well, that's beyond my knowledge and involvement.
That's all I can share about that at the moment. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Indeed! Have you seen the big circular platform down below? When the championship commences, this space will serve as the arena for Aetherium Wars players to showcase their skills, and where they'll vie for supremacy.
During the festival, you'll have the chance to mingle with players from all over the universe, share experiences, level up your Aether Spirits, and challenge each other.
Ah yes, my apologies. I should have mentioned this earlier, but because of the well-known Stellaron problem, many players won't be able to attend in person... So, it's likely you'll mostly encounter familiar faces during the event.
It's simple! First, you need to register your account at a terminal in this Festival Service Hall. Oh, you haven't created one, correct?
After you've successfully created and registered your account, I'll delve into all the details of the festival... But for now, you'll have to deal with the suspense for just a little bit longer.
Hahaha, you've certainly got quite the active imagination!
Rest assured, I'm just passionate about gaming. I love observing how players compete and cooperate with each other.
I have no hidden agendas, I can assure you of that — I swear on my reputation and my mask!
Why of course, not a problem! I'll make an exception just for you. You can borrow my Aether Spirits and experience the thrill of battle...
...Hmm? What's all the commotion?
I say, my IPC friends, I can see how captivated you are by that coin. Am I right in assuming that you're also Aetherium Wars players?
Hehe, what I'm getting at is this — since you're both players, why not have a showdown to settle the matter? Following the proper rules of the game, of course.
...but if you lose, I would kindly ask that you gracefully accept defeat and refrain from causing any more trouble in my arena. Are we all in agreement?
Hahaha, why of course! I assure you that I will do everything in my power to assist you both.
Ahem, I wouldn't advise it. Violence wouldn't make for a very interesting outcome now, would it?
Let's all agree to keep things peaceful and enjoyable.
If you have trouble handling these beginner spirits... it might indicate that this game isn't the best choice for you.
Hmm... based on the appearance of the coin alone, it's difficult to discern any significance. As for who it belongs to — that's also a mystery.
Didn't they mention something else? "Topaz"?
I think there must be some kind of misunderstanding. I have had some interactions with Miss Topaz, and this doesn't seem like her way of dealing with people.
Indeed. There is no information on the Aether Coin that could help us trace it back to its owner... It seems returning it to its rightful owner will be quite the challenge.
I have no objections. After all, "trading" and "training" are all part of Aetherium Wars. I say why not put the coin to good use?
No need to worry, the majority of the IPC's employees are quite professional — wouldn't dream of tarnishing their company's reputation.
Now, I suggest that both of you summon the coin's Aether Spirit. After all, it's the first one that you've truly acquired for yourselves, it'd be nice for you to get to know each other, don't you think?
A Warp Trotter... This is quite a rare Aether Spirit, but they're not very powerful — why would those IPC folks be after it?
Don't worry, Miss March. It's likely that the Warp Trotter is just naturally timid.
Hmm, I must say though, this one is a bit peculiar. Aether Spirits are usually just digital representations of creatures — they shouldn't possess any specific traits.
According to their programming, Aether Spirits are supposed to obediently follow a player's commands and faithfully execute their instructions... which doesn't seem to be the case right now.
Hmm... I see. They're likely acting this way due to some sort of data anomaly or discrepancy.
It would be best to report this issue to the Aetherium Wars project team, so they can address it accordingly.
Well, isn't this a delightful turn of events! Now, let me show you how to navigate the Aetherium Wars Player Terminal — right this way, please!
This is the Aetherium Wars Player Terminal — give it a try.
Hahaha, I wouldn't worry yourselves too much. Remember — practice makes perfect! I imagine you'll grasp the core concept in no time.
To participate in the tournament championship, make your way to the various "Victory Zones" and increase your "Victory Rating." Complete the "Trials" in each Victory Zone to earn all of the "Mastery Marks."
Please excuse me, if you may. I have a few other facilities to inspect to ensure the festival runs smoothly. If you have any problems, the staff at the service hall will be more than happy to assist you.
Haha, you two move fast. Welcome to the Corridor of Fading Echoes Victory Zone!
Great question! As the event's sponsor, I'm tasked with inspecting all facilities. And this place — the previous tournament's arena — is my first port of call.
Hahaha, believe it or not, I'm actually somewhat of a seasoned Aetherium Wars player myself.
Am I correct in saying that this is your first time entering a Victory Zone?
In case you want to hear the rules again — players can enhance their Victory Rating by engaging in various activities within the Victory Zone, such as collecting roaming data and participating in sparring matches with other players.
Collecting roaming data is a vital aspect, because it's the only way for players to encounter new Aether Spirits, aside from purchasing or trading them.
Since you're both here, let me give you a lesson on gathering roaming data.
It'd be my pleasure! Assisting new players in swiftly understanding the gameplay is just another part of the festival!
I will gift you this Aether data — "Blaze Out of Space." With this, collecting roaming data should be much easier for the both of you.
There happens to be a good number of roaming data targets in the vicinity. How about using them as practice?
Hmm, it looks like your team isn't complete yet...
I strongly suggest you bolster your team before moving forward. Dealing with the upcoming challengers and championship contenders could be tough without a full roster.
Impressive! I see you're both living up to your renowned Trailblazer reputations! It would seem you two have a natural talent for gaming.
Let me see, what next...
Ah, that's it, now I remember! I prepared a few "Aether Expansion Chips" for you both.
You can use your Aether Coin to read the data on these chips. They allow your Aether Spirits to equip various abilities. Why not give them a go right now?
Behold! Two championship contenders! It would seem the stage is set for some intense competition!
So, Miss Serval, Miss Pela, how are you feeling? Have you gotten accustomed to the title of "championship contender" yet?
Haha, it's good that you've gotten used to it! Entrusting the Victory Zone to the two of you was the right decision.
Since you're all here, how about we let Miss Serval and Miss Pela, our championship contenders, explain the rules to everyone?
Of course! After all, it's just another part of the {RUBY_B#The Elation}tournament{RUBY_E#}. Each Victory Zone has its own unique puzzles. But don't worry yourselves too much — the most important thing is that you have fun!
Hahaha, now that's exactly the festive atmosphere I'm looking for! Investing in this event was most certainly the right decision!
Please excuse me, I must inspect the next Victory Zone. Best of luck to you both!
I imagine you must be quite familiar with the game by now, how have you been faring?
Haha, I knew it!
It's been said that this game is easy to pick up, but difficult to master!
Not to worry, just take your time... practice makes perfect, after all!
In any case, seeing both of you still enthusiastic about the game puts my mind at ease!
Sadly, I have to bid you farewell. As the event's sponsor, I have a lot on my plate!
Oh, it's nothing! I wish you both the best of luck on your quest for the Cloudford Mastery Mark.
Haha, it looks like we've got another eager challenger!
Haha, I'm just here to inspect the venue and see how things are going. I have other engagements lined up, so I'll get out of your way!
Fantastic, Miss Guinaifen. I'll be on my way, now. Stay safe, everyone.
Why, of course not! If it's a topic I'm familiar with, I'll do my best to answer.
Hahaha, so that's what you were wondering about. Let me assure you both: I harbor no malicious intentions towards either of you.
In my capacity as the sole sponsor of the event and a devoted player of Aetherium Wars, there's one thing I wish to ensure...
I hope to witness a festival that is truly flawless, allowing every participant to truly appreciate the magic of the game.
I hope you both find this to be an acceptable answer.
As mentioned, I promise both of you that I harbor no malicious intentions — I swear upon this mask.
I'm glad to hear it. With that said, please forgive my departure — I hope to catch a glimpse of your remarkable skills in the championship!
Haha... I never doubted you two would show up sooner or later!
Your enthusiasm is truly unmatched! As the sponsor of this event, and this Victory Zone's championship contender, it brings me great joy to see you here!
Not who you were expecting? I must say it's truly a privilege!
Haha, so astute!
Ha, now I see why you've made it so far. Truly impressive!
I imagine before our final bout begins, you'd like me to answer some questions... Who is this elite player? What exactly is my connection to them...?
Tsk, tsk... Patience, Miss March.
Did you ever wonder why the Aetherium Wars Gaming Association chose Mastery Marks as a requirement for progression?
The answer is actually quite simple: in order to claim the title of champion, one must demonstrate the necessary strength and resolve to surpass others...
...and the same principle applies to asking questions as well.
If you truly wish to question fate, and learn the answer, then defeat me in a duel and show me your unwavering resolve!
Impressive... Truly impressive! What a riveting duel! I, Giovanni di Giorgio, humbly concede!
Haha, you flatter me! I've witnessed your unwavering resolve. Now it's time I revealed the answer to your question.
I've witnessed your unwavering resolve... Now it's time I revealed the answer to your questions.
Ha, no need to worry — even if you had forgotten, I had my answers at the ready.
So... who exactly is the elite player?
I can assure you that it is not me — I am bound by an agreement to keep her identity confidential.
The answer is... there is no special connection.
Simply put, this player wanted to meet you both, and I happen to possess the means to make this happen. Therefore, we came to an agreement: She provided the ideal festival for me, and I would be responsible for taking you to her...
Haha, I can't reveal anymore. If you want to know the truth, you must first take this Mastery Mark.
Take it and enter the championship. Show the universe your strength and resolve, and you will surely find the answer you seek.
It's time to see if you're as strong as she says you are!
Now I see why she holds you in such high regard!
Here we are again — let's see if you've still got what it takes!
Superb! Now it's time for the crescendo!
What a joy to see you both again! Your performances have been quite remarkable!
Haha, perhaps you sense it, too? The watchful eyes of an eminent figure.
Hahaha, if it isn't fate's doing, then there's only one other answer.
Let's set aside those ponderings for the moment. Our priority ought to be enjoying this delightful festival...
My friends, join me in this dance! Let's bring this {RUBY_B#The Elation}exquisite{RUBY_E#} celebration to its climax!
Marvelous, marvelous! The strength and resolve you two exhibited was truly astonishing!
Haha, I am honored by your kind words! But there is no denying that your abilities far outshine mine!
Over? No, no! The best part has yet to begin!
Next you'll be facing off against the ultimate opponent, the victor of the last tournament — a dominant force that commands both respect and admiration...
The previous champion — Miss Topaz! Only by emerging victorious against her can you become eligible for true championship!
Yes... and no. Do you remember the elite player I've been talking about? She's keenly anticipating a duel with the both of you.
However, to lock horns with her, you'll have to best Miss Topaz first.
Off you go now, head to the prep zone and ready yourselves — I'd hate to see you disappoint her!
Ready yourselves, you two. While this elite player hasn't made her appearance yet, she's unquestionably keeping an eye on you both.
Given your strength and resolve, I firmly believe you won't have any major obstacles in your way...
Nevertheless, life is full of uncertainties. To fulfill your destiny, one must continuously seek to improve themselves!
Alright, let's leave it at that for now... I want you both to be well-prepared for the final.
Why, only what we've talked about many times before, of course...
Correct! I see you're just as keen as ever.
Once you secured the championship title, she wasted no time in reaching out to me. She mentioned that you have undeniably showcased your skill...
...The time has come for you to face your final challenge.
You heard right. The elite player wishes for nothing more than a fair and respectable duel against the both of you.
I'm merely here as a guide. I'm afraid I can't reveal that.
All you need to do is climb these stairs, and you'll come face to face with her... and the truth you've been eagerly seeking...
Now... It's decision time. Are you prepared to accept this invitation and final challenge?
Excellent! A splendid decision! All gamers in the galaxy will be tuning in to the livestream to watch your showdown! What a privilege!
Well then, this way please — ascend these steps and seek the answers you desire!
Ah, welcome back everybody!
A pleasure to see you again, Miss Hook — I trust you are happy with the outcome of our arrangement?
Ah, it would be an honor, child. Alas, like the two Trailblazers here, I am merely a transient visitor to this planet.
Now that the festival has come to a triumphant close, I'm curious — what are the two of you planning on doing next?
Haha, I understand! If I may make a suggestion, how about Penacony? It has the biggest amusement park in the universe — a perfect place to have some fun.
Hmm, that might be a little tricky. I'm afraid Miss Natasha would probably have objections.
Strange... it should be around here somewhere. Maybe it's hidden inside Madam Herta's portrait...
Huh? Do you need something? If you're looking for the front desk, just go straight through those doors...
Wait a second. I know you! I saw you chatting with Captain Arlan just now. You must be the rising star who caught Madam Herta's attention.
...Such a concerned and responsive tone... You must be the one everyone's been talking about recently! Your kindheartedness is famous throughout the space station!
Oh, another fan of Madam Herta's? Well, I'm afraid this portrait's being taken down soon.
Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Leonard, a cybersecurity engineer here at the space station.
You probably know that this place was recently attacked by the Antimatter Legion. In the chaos, the master control system for each zone was paralyzed.
Now that the station is being rebuilt, my job is to repair equipment and restore the space station's cybersecurity.
But during the repair process, I discovered some anomalies. The access records show that a third party other than the Legion invaded while the master control system was paralyzed.
I don't know who or what it was. Actually, I'm investigating that right now.
Mmm, some others have surmised the same as you.
No, they arrived earlier.
We suspect that it may have been the Stellaron Hunters. It's an elusive group, and very dangerous. Every member is on the IPC's wanted list.
They include a super hacker from Punklorde. I'm ashamed to admit that I've lost to her once before...
A while ago, I discovered her whereabouts during a screening process. I was planning to follow the clues to find more details about her, but I fell into her trap.
Can you guess what happened next? She reverse-hacked my device, sent out a bunch of spam, made a video game open to the space station, and told everyone that an idiot named Leonard made a big, silly mistake...
Ugh, I don't want to think about it. Now that everything has calmed down, I thought they'd be on my case already. The silver lining? Madam Herta was generous enough to allow me to continue investigating this matter.
Yeah, it was pretty unexpected. Space station affairs are usually handled by Lead Researcher Asta — this is the first time I've seen Madam Herta give the orders in person.
Hence my "silver lining..." You know Madam Herta — if she's really interested in something, it doesn't matter what anyone else says.
I—I wouldn't go that far... I'm just a nobody. You think Madam Herta would remember me?
To put it simply, the leaders have given me an opportunity. How could I not cherish it? If I can make up for my mistakes and do a good job, I may have a chance to prove myself.
Oh, I haven't properly explained to you what I'm doing here... As I mentioned, I'm investigating this situation.
This time, I plan to start from inside the space station and see if I can find some clues to trace the intruders' steps. Maybe I can find the blind spot I missed before.
I designed a decoding program. Look — it looks like a camera, but it's actually a detector. We should be able to find hidden clues with it.
Just like... this!
Uh... what exactly are—
Really? Why is there... a drop of sweat?
A drop of water? Why do I feel like... it's more like a drop a sweat?
What are you talking about!? This looks like... a drop of sweat?
I didn't ask you to look at that!
Unbelievable. Why would something like this be in the space station? The staff wouldn't even dare scribble on the wall, let alone leave... a drop of sweat?
So, this is what we're looking for... this suspicious evidence? It wasn't what I was expecting, but...
Wait a second... let me take a look...
O—Oh, I see. This is digital graffiti that appears to represent Punklordian symbols. If I'm not mistaken, this should be some kind of automatic encryption.
We need to decipher it if want to find any culpatory evidence.
Here — just point it at the graffiti on the wall.
Ugh, you got me there. I got caught up in our conversation. I wasn't paying attention...
Let me think... Um, maybe I've been under too much stress recently and I subconsciously want a friend. Anyway, if I were to find clues related to the Stellaron Hunters, wouldn't that be helpful to you too?
Ugh, just do me a favor! It won't take up too much of your time. Here — just point it at the graffiti on the wall.
Strange... it should be around here somewhere. Maybe it's hidden inside Madam Herta's portrait...
I didn't expect you to be here! Did you get another Cosmic Warfare message? Haha!
*sigh* Not so good. Still the same as before... just like during Cosmic Warfare...
Huh? You don't remember me...? Cosmic Warfare, remember?
Yeah! I knew you wouldn't forget me.
Huh? Well, you've got a lot on your plate. Let me jog your memory...
Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Leonard, a cybersecurity engineer here at the space station.
You probably know that this place was recently attacked by the Antimatter Legion. In the chaos, the master control system for each zone was paralyzed.
Now that the station is being rebuilt, my job is to repair equipment and restore the space station's cybersecurity.
But during the repair process, I discovered some anomalies. The access records show that a third party other than the Legion invaded while the master control system was paralyzed.
We suspect that it may have been the Stellaron Hunters. It's an elusive group, and very dangerous. Every member is on the IPC's wanted list.
One of them is a super hacker from Punklorde. I'm ashamed to admit that I've lost to her once before...
A while ago, I discovered her whereabouts during a screening process. I was planning to follow the clues to find more details about her, but I fell into her trap.
Can you guess what happened next? She reverse-hacked my device, sent out a bunch of spam, made a video game open to the space station, and told everyone that an idiot named Leonard made a big, silly mistake...
Well? Do you remember me now? That should be enough to jog your memory.
Oh, maybe you haven't heard. Now that everything has calmed down, I thought they'd be on my case already. The silver lining? Madam Herta was generous enough to allow me to continue investigating this matter.
Ahhhh! Why are there Voidrangers here!?
Th—That scared me to death! Did you see that? It seemed like something popped up here, then Voidrangers jumped out!
But look! Just like I guessed, this graffiti is encrypted! If we decipher it, we can see some hidden information.
The surveillance camera captured her face — "Silver Wolf." It's exactly the same as the photo on the IPC's wanted list. Let me see what she was up to...
Is this... a transmitter beacon? Oh, I see! She probably ran into the Antimatter Legion during the invasion, then used this beacon to teleport the enemy somewhere else.
We accidentally activated the beacon again just now, and they were brought back... Geez, Stellaron Hunters have the ability to stow enemies away like that?
Beacon transmission that doesn't require a power source and can be implemented solely through computation? No wonder they were able to break into the space station... With this, I'm afraid not even Madam Herta's office is safe...
It's really hard to stay calm... Y'know, if it wasn't for you, I'd probably be lying on the ground right now.
So it's really important that we work together! Please!
It's not only impressive — how should I put it... She can edit "reality" as freely as she could edit a program.
Sounds unbelievable, doesn't it? I always thought it was fringe science, and that nobody other than the Masked Fools believed it really existed.
Well, I don't share your optimism. If it wasn't for you, I'd probably be lying on the ground right now.
Anyway, let's work together...
It looks like this room was the initial starting point of the invasion. Let's follow the trail.
Oh, by the way — Madam Herta's holographic projection has to be turned off. This search is a big undertaking. If something were to be moved out of place, it could ruin the investigation...
There's a strange signal nearby. Maybe it's another piece of graffiti.
Look — up there. Tsk, they even put down a question mark — they must be making fun of us.
She went toward the base zone... Yep, there's only one way.
Ugh, disappeared again? This thing keeps cutting out when I'm deciphering it.
She must have stopped here for a bit. Let's look around.
They seem to be heading toward the monitoring room.
Another graffiti... They're all different too. She really put some thought into this.
Huh, is this section of the record damaged...? She went through the wall and disappeared.
That's highly unlikely, but if it's true, everything we've seen till now could be a fake.
I don't think so, that's not the same as passing straight through a wall — look.
That's highly unlikely, I bought this detector just last week. The refund guarantee hasn't even expired yet.
Uhh... Let's talk about that later.
Hold on, I got it! It might be an effect from a curio. There was a pre-established folded space here, and the intruders found it and took advantage of it.
No wonder she kept going through the curio collection index. This space is connected to the Stellaron room. Do you still remember it? That's where they put the Stellaron inside you.
Well, that's not unusual. Anyway, this is all just an assumption of mine.
Huh? What are you muttering about?
Hmm... Why would they leave you here if their objective was the Stellaron? With her capabilities, all she would've needed to do was make another beacon — she would've been able to escape with the Stellaron no problem.
*sigh* I feel like we've been chasing for a long time and still haven't found anything useful... Oh well, I suppose that's the way it goes — things are more difficult at the outset. Let's take another look at the storage zone.
Huh...? There's no graffiti here... We're doomed. The trail has gone cold...
So strange... Did she really leave just like that? She came all this way and didn't take anything with her, nor leave anything behind.
Oh, uh... they did leave you behind. Ahem, sorry, that sounded better in my head... It must've been a terrible feeling waking up in a place that was completely unfamiliar to you...
Me? That's how I feel when I wake up every day.
I can't help but feel that there's more that they're after. *sigh* I really hope I can find something that's useful to you... otherwise I'll feel bad for having you do so much work for nothing.
*sigh* ...The more I talk about it, the worse I feel. I should probably find something that I can do... Hmm, there's a rating pistol here. I wonder what my rating would be...
Whoa! Look here! There's a strange access log in the rating pistol's compartment.
It looks like the log time occurred during the Legion's invasion — the researchers would've already been evacuated by then. Could it have been her? In which case, she didn't leave immediately... She implanted the Stellaron inside you and then fiddled around with the rating pistol for a while?
Just as I thought... She was here!
I just remembered that Madam Herta has a game cartridge named "Punklorde Mentality" in her collection.
You remember it, right? It's actually on the list of missing curios.
I wasn't able to put the two together before. If the hacker has a personal objective other than the Stellaron Hunter's mission...
I got it! I got it now! The Stellaron Hunters' operation was just a cover for her!
That's right!
Look, in the end, they didn't take the Stellaron with them.
She was so interested in the curio collection index that she stayed in the space station even after her mission was complete — this was what she was truly after!
She knew we would be looking for the Stellaron Hunters and used it as her cover. Very smart — to be expected of someone from Punklorde.
Hold on, though... Something doesn't add up. The curios are Madam Herta's most prized possessions. All the visit requests are sent to her office from the computer in the main control room.
Some researchers tried to gain access to the curios for research purposes once, but they didn't get proper authorization... She caught them all red-handed.
Me too. The fact Madam Herta hasn't responded to this can only mean one thing...
You got me there. But... with the skills of this hacker, I do think it's possible.
Wait, don't move! I get chills just looking at the space station monitors now. Let me investigate first...
Just perfect. Not only did she shut off all the access logs, she shut off all the terminal transmissions too... I thought it was the Legion that did this.
Let's focus on the main task first.
This wouldn't have been a high-priority issue. The space station's to-do list is ridiculously long at this point.
I am curious though. She paused the terminal transmissions, but didn't touch the local data at all. I really don't get her.
As a Stellaron Hunter, she leaves the Stellaron behind. As a hacker, she doesn't delete the local log. Hmm, there's an external port here. I'm gonna plug in and take a look.
Relax, friend. I've done this a million times. Look at this agreement...
See? I was right! There was something fishy about the local data she left behind!
Now we can browse through the curio access logs... Huh? That can't be right. This curio doesn't seem to have ever left the space station.
Hmm, from the way things look, yes. The records show that this curio was last sent to... Madam Herta's office? And then it disappeared?
I'm seriously confused. What did she come here for? She wouldn't have put the graffiti up just to mess with us, would she?
*sigh* No, if I start thinking like that I may as well give up now. I have to fully investigate every lead or I'll really be out of a job...
We have no choice but to check Madam Herta's office next!
She makes it seem easy... Is she really looking at the curio collection index?
Judging by how calm she is, she must have been in this room for a while — maybe she was waiting for someone. I'm not sure what happened after that — let's search somewhere else.
So, that's what happened! She sneaked in first, then helped her partner in through the main door. It's a classic hacking operation. Let's see... The registered name is... "Leonard Calliwell"!?
How is this possible!? Sh—She used my identity!
Sh—She used my identity!?
That's my name! She used my identity!
I—I never noticed that there was an issue with this record. I subconsciously glanced right past it when I saw my own name... She's so cunning!
Right!
I—It's an honest mistake. The reaction of any ordinary person is to check for unfamiliar names, right? Who would think to check their own name?
I—It's an honest mistake. The reaction of any ordinary person is to check for unfamiliar names, right? Who would think to check their own name?
The graffiti's location is quite interesting. It feels like she's playing a game with us. One dot leads to another...
I heard from a friend that the hackers on Punklorde have a tradition. When they hack, they purposely leave something behind for people to discover — kind of like throwing down the gauntlet.
They call this the "Punklorde mentality." There can only be competition when there is rivalry, and there can only be excitement when there is competition. Life's a game and having fun is what's most important.
I don't understand that way of thinking, but it seems like this graffiti... might have been left behind for us on purpose as a clue?
The same thing happened last time as well. I was so close to the target but got obliterated in the final battle of information...
*sigh* Doesn't help to dwell on past failures. It's more important to do your best with the things in front of you!
Ah, she seems to be leaving. Let's keep up.
D—Did you hear that? I was so scared I couldn't utter a single word!
The Simulated Universe? Shut down? That's Madam Herta's biggest project. I can't imagine how mad she'd be if it fell through...
Wait... This isn't my fault, is it? If I'd been able to stop the enemy's invasion, would Mr. Screwllum be less pessimistic?
*sigh* Thanks for trying to comfort me...
A bit harsh, but you're right...
You're right...
Ugh, this is terrible. I feel like I'm incapable of doing anything...
...still, beating myself up all the time won't help either. We're here for the cartridge. At the very least... we must try and see this thing through.
Having heard what Mr. Screwllum said, you're entering the Simulated Universe to continue the investigation, aren't you?
I'm afraid I won't be able to accompany you — I'll be helping Mr. Screwllum monitor the system's internal data flow from the office. Ugh, I'm so nervous — this is the first time I've been involved in something so big.
Anyway, I'll be cheering for you!
What is it? Are you still making up your mind? Time doesn't wait, my friend. Put your mind at ease and follow Mr. Screwllum inside.
So the reason Madam Herta wanted me to continue the investigation was to lure her out of hiding...? That never crossed my mind. Did she know about the traps the hacker left in the space station from the very beginning?
Ha! She said I did a good job.
Can you believe it, I've just been acknowledged by Madam Herta! This is something I'll remember for the rest of my life!
I don't have to worry about being fired anymore.
Hey friend! I'm so happy to see you!
The Artisanship Commission has come through hell and high water since the incident. Rebuilding what we lost will drain the years, our labor filled with blood, and sweat, and tears!
For a youngster to deliver a farewell to an old man like me is a rare occurrence in this day and age.
*sigh* I've taken on many a short-life apprentice — after leaving the Luofu, they never return. Time, not distance, is the true separator of souls.
The lingering sound of bygone music plays, though groweth fainter with the parting ways.
I'm glad. I'll still be here at the Artisanship Commission. You're welcome any time.
Life is full of farewells, and I've seen more than most.
*sigh* But farewell it is. I shall not sing for you on your way out... I fear the sound would break my heartstrings...
*sigh* But farewell it is. I shall not sing for you on your way out... I fear the sound would break my heartstrings...
I fear not death, for the fate of the Artisanship Commission now rests entirely on my shoulders.
Not a chance! Acai, escape while you still can — there's no hope of the Cloud Knights arriving now. As darkness falleth think not what is just, to this old man entrust your hopes... you must!
Acai!? S—Since when were you able to speak?
Oh! M—My apologies, miss. No wonder I was confused, I never installed a human speech module in the little guy... No.
But what is the meaning of this? I'm the only one left here — the apprentices all fled... You should probably do the same!
That won't do! As a senior artisan, I can't just abandon my post.
I—I... can you give me a moment to consider those options?
The Creation Furnace is utterly entangled...
O, the humanity...!
Miss Cloud Knight, why did the general send you out here all alone?
You misunderstand, it's not my safety I'm concerned about...
A few more steps and we're at the main gate. Thank you for escorting me — we must go our separate ways.
Everyone has their duties and obligations. From the day I joined the Artisanship Commission, I've been taking care of the ins and outs of its operations without a day's rest. And today is no exception.
The apprentices fled, as they should have... but I cannot let them see their master flee from peril. This is as far as I go with you — I must see what more I can do for the Artisanship Commission.
No use in trying to talk me out of it, young miss. This old man cherishes his life — he won't do anything rash. On your way, now.
This is as far as I go...
Hmm? You still have more to do, no? Onward!
I can't just abandon the Commission. I must think of a way to solve all this...
How do you know my name, child?
Does the reputation of Gongshu Liang, "the smelter extraordinaire," precede one?
Hmph! Did those hopeless brats send you here? It won't work! They abandoned the Commission's precious assets and ran off to save their own little skins!
Even if you rescue me, it won't change anything — all of them will fail their internships!
R—Really? The general sent you? Then this must be a mere misunderstanding! Ah — don't worry about those things, easy to fix!
But there's not much I can do to help! The Artisanship Commission was suddenly taken over by some evil tree demon. It seized our most precious possession — the Creation Furnace!
It's a dark and powerful entity. The robots... it was like they gained consciousness — they were moving in a circle around it. I fear approaching it is tantamount to suicide!
But then, I couldn't just run away... knowing what lies sealed in the furnace...
Haha, I'm sure General Jing Yuan must have believed wholeheartedly that you could save the Artisanship Commission from this crisis.
Means I know of may yet serve your fight, pray you in repayment aid my plight. Come! Come on, through here~
Look, this is one of the Artisanship Commission's prototypes: the Shifting Screen.
Good thing I got the students to take it out and make a few adjustments — otherwise they'd never have managed to get out in time.
You all saw the Jade Gate on your way in, I assume? The Shifting Screen works in the same way. It connects two spatial coordinates in ways that laymen, ahem, wouldn't understand.
Indeed. With limited range and energy costs aside, to every starskiff soon shall woe betide~!
Ordinarily I could've used this beauty to teleport you thither, but... Through earth and air the wretched branches boiled, the Shifting Screen entangled thence... encoiled!
How observant — you would make an excellent student.
H—Hold on! Have some faith in me!
H—Hold on! My young friends, don't underestimate the Artisanship Commission. The general is too far off to help us now, but I can!
The Commission is more than a match for mother nature. Hmph! O piteous tree, who think thyself so strong, your match and more in strength to meet ere long...
This is the first thing that came to mind when the tree demon attacked.
It's a mechanical device code-named the Luminflux Pyxis.
I invented this weapon for the Cloud Knights. It's incredibly powerful, but...
*sigh* Every light has its shadow. But this is more than enough to deal with the tree demon.
And then, ignite. Fire beats wood — there's no way we can lose!
Agh, we were so close... What went wrong?
Very good! The master reveals the door, but the apprentice must walk through it. You're much better than my useless students.
Wh—What's happening? Is the delve collapsing?
Phew, seems like it worked! That tree demon must be writhing in pain, hahaha.
Alright, there's no time to lose. Hurry through the Shifting Screen to the opposite side before the branches grow back.
They've encoiled the Artisanship Commission's most precious invention: the Creation Furnace!
Help me, dear young friends! Let's hack them away together! We can't let the roots punch through the furnace!
...Wh—What kind of monster is this?
...Young friends, I have a suggestion. Why don't we head that way?
Hmm... When the deer revives, the surrounding roots glow brightly...
Hehe, I'm only an artisan, after all. My skills in clash of swords shall find no sake, yet that which clasheth needeth hands to make!
As Mr. Yang said, the deer monster is likely drawing power from somewhere in order to replenish itself. I'm certain that when the Arbor glows, we are witnessing that very process.
Precisely! You remember how we untangled the Shifting Screen with fire?
Take hold of your weapons, young comrades! Let's raze these roots to the ground!
See!? My theory was correct! Keep going!
Take care where you walk, friends...
If you hear the ring of a bell, keep away...
Give me a moment — I'll set up the device.
I suspect the Ambrosial Arbor's root system must have spread far underground. The only thing we can say with confidence is that we removed the majority of those within the bounds of the Artisanship Commission.
Let's hurry, before they've had a chance to grow back.
Look — the roots coiled around the Creation Furnace! They've withered!
Excellent! Nothing can stop you now!
Thank heavens! The Creation Furnace is intact.
You are a man of vision, Mr. Yang. It's a shame our ancestors, the Elixir Seekers, were unable to see that hidden curse 8000 years ago...
Perhaps some of them did reject the {RUBY_B#Yaoshi}Plagues Author{RUBY_E#}'s "gift." But how could an entire civilization resist the temptation of immortality?
Ironic, isn't it? The wise are buried while the fools remain immortal...
The Xianzhou regrets being led astray by the Abundance... That's why they have decided to embark on the Path of The Hunt. Maybe it's not too late for redemption.
Thank you for your help. I realize you must continue on to the Alchemy Commission, to the Ambrosial Arbor. After witnessing what happened here, I know there will only be more danger ahead.
Go, friends, and stay vigilant. I wish you a safe journey.
Thank you for your help. Those useless students and I will take care of the rest here... If worst comes to worst, we still have the Cloud Knights.
It's only a legend... though what with the Ambrosial Arbor having come back to life, I suppose it's no longer absurd...
They say that a long time ago, when the Xianzhou Alliance was adrift in deep space, it encountered many unimaginable life forms.
Among them were abominations known as heliobi. They existed in the form of pure energy, but craved the sensations and desires of mortal flesh and blood. Sometimes they managed to infiltrate the delves of the Xianzhou in order to bewitch humans and become parasites in their bodies.
It's said that mortals parasitized by heliobi would lose their free will imperceptibly, before gradually going berserk.
After a prolonged struggle, the people of the Xianzhou finally managed to trap and seal the heliobi in a vessel.
That vessel is the Creation Furnace. Our predecessors hoped that by burning the heliobi in the furnace, their energy would gradually be exhausted until they were completely destroyed.
I don't know if there are demons in the furnace — perhaps it's all just superstition. However, from the day I started learning from my master, I've looked after the operation of the furnace.
Indeed, the flame inside has never been extinguished...
Everything happened so quickly. My students and I were caught by surprise.
I'm not overly surprised. The Alchemy Commission's alchemists were once closer to the Arbor than anyone else on the Luofu.
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus? Now there's an old name.
They say that when the Xianzhou Luofu was first granted the Ambrosial Arbor, the alchemists in the Alchemy Commission wielded tremendous influence. Using the power of the Arbor, they transformed mortal bodies, manipulated the weather, and even brought never-before-seen creatures into being.
They called themselves "Saints." Unfortunately, they didn't possess any saintly powers. As soon as the Ambrosial Arbor withered, the alchemists lost their status and were reduced to medical researchers and practitioners.
I'm sorry I'm not able to accompany you further.
Agh, I've always hated owing a favor. Take these with you — rewards for your tireless efforts.
Gate robots...? Those are aurumatons — the Artisanship Commission created them to stand guard in various locations.
I... Ahem! We haven't quite finished the paintwork on this batch. How can we deploy them if they're not looking their best?
So the general asked you to head to the Alchemy Commission?
*sigh* The Artisanship Commission had no choice but to halt operations once the tree demon appeared.
*sigh* Youths these days... Simply un-teach-a-ble.
Yes, an excellently annoyed mood!
Oh, I didn't mean you... What are you getting riled up for...
...Aren't you a youth, yourself? Kids shouldn't talk like their elders, it makes you look old.
Hey, aren't you {NICKNAME}? I'm indebted to you for your help the last time we met.
You're different from the kids I teach. You have energy, and you put all your effort into completing your goals because you understand that age has a way of creeping up on you...
Forget it. I'm not going to vent my frustrations out on you! Anything I can help you with today?
Bwahahaha... Ask away! I'm not afraid of your questions, but I'm afraid you might not understand my answers.
They call me "the Smelter Extraordinaire," but I didn't come up with that nickname. As for our day-to-day work, we forge metals here.
However, I, as an artisan, am not really involved in front-line work all the time. I put most of my efforts into developing various household ingenia and improving our artifex designs.
You've probably noticed the intricate and complex designs for all the household appliances on Xianzhou... Lifelike fish suspended into a lamp, exquisite lions carved into doorbells, drones designed to look like birds or mythical beasts...
None of this improves the essential function of these tools, but we still take great pains to craft them well. Another Outworlder once told me that you call this style "Maximalist"?
Designing and iterating all of these different maximalist looks has already taken up hundreds of years of my life.
It took me an age to realize why that Outworlder was so surprised. Because they all — I mean, you all have a different definition of what "practicality" means.
To us Artisanship Commission veterans, intricacy and detail are just one part of an object's practicality. On the contrary, I just so happen to find the sparseness of your "flashlight" and "suitcase" technology to be rather impractical!
This cognitive difference is only natural from our long-life species' perspective, and of course it's simply impossible for me to explain all this to you... But I think it's actually because we have been living for far too long now.
When you live for hundreds of years, you grow intolerant of boring, lackluster objects. And so we pay great attention to how things look, and value the outside appearance of things just as much as the inner functionality.
Have I prattled on again about my usual cryptic rants? Heh, whoops~
Our job scope? Hmm... Now that's far easier to explain! The Artisanship Commission is responsible for the design, manufacturing, and improvement of almost every single item there is aboard the Xianzhou.
It could be something as small as civilian ingenia, of which I am in charge, or something as large as the Sagittarius Starfighter or a Delve... We do it all. As the saying goes: Human ingenuity is as limitless as the heavens!
I can feel my headache returning already!
Do you know why the Artisanship Commission is predominated by Xianzhou people? It's because the Vidyadhara and the foxians don't live as long as we do.
Technological breakthroughs require the mass accumulation of knowledge, and if there's one thing the Xianzhou people are good at, it's accumulation.
As for my darling apprentices, they've all racked up centuries of education and experience, but not a single one of them have shown any signs of success whatsoever! They're as useless as a chocolate teapot.
I think I've figured this out now, though. At least as far as the field of artifex is concerned, being long-lived is both an advantage and a downfall of the Xianzhou people.
There's another world out there where they self-immolate in the pursuit of knowledge by following the path of the Wisdomwalker. They represent the highest classes of intellect imaginable, but only live for a dozen years or so.
I've seen their artisan before: A mere teenager, haggard beyond his years but frighteningly intelligent — and close to death. He came aboard the Luofu seeking my tutelage, and I gave him my undivided attention.
That artisan was far below my level, and even worse when it came to knowledge and experience, but he possessed a terrifying ambition, incredible imagination, and a top-notch intuition for design...
He'd study with me during the day, then by night he'd frantically record notes about everything he'd learned and thought throughout the day... I later heard that he'd died on his way back home.
But all of his notes were enough to trigger a technological revolution back in his homelands.
But my darling apprentices! They live far too long! Everything can just be put off until tomorrow, because the tomorrows seemingly never end! They're like wet firewood: They don't burn enough, and even if they catch fire, they just pump out a whole load of useless smoke!
As you know, age has a way of catching up with people! The Xianzhou people are not immune either. It's just that our aging process is stretched out to an impossibly long duration, we feel like we're never getting older.
Sometimes, I even wonder... If we only lived to be teenagers, what kind of Artisanship Commission would we end up with?
It's back to the grind for me. Take care out there, and see you next time.
Ah, if it isn't young {NICKNAME}! What are you doing back here at the Artisanship Commission?
Let they come forth who stand now in the hall⁓
and by their name reveal thyself to all⁓!
Ahaaaa, familiar faces! Now I recall!
I must say, I never expected to see you here in the Victory Zone! Come to challenge this old chunk of coal, have you? Bring it on!
Haha, splendid! You young ones are all vim and vigor — that's just what I like to see!
As the old adage goes: hale and hearty despite the years! I may have a few centuries under my belt, but I can still keep up with the youth!
I won't hold back! A withered ginger root may lack the crunch, but in the dish it packs the fieriest punch!
Ahaaaa! Such vigor! Though generations past have paved the way, 'tis in the youth we see the brightening day!
Oh, how I've missed this feeling! I haven't felt this exhilarated since joining the Artisanship Commission! My heartfelt gratitude to both of you for giving me the opportunity to enjoy this splendid duel. The Mastery Mark is all yours!
Haha, marvelous!
Hahaha, now, now, far from it! Our duel was a balanced contest — both sides showed great prowess!
The Aether Spirit in your possession is incredibly charming — I can't help but wonder where you found them...
My strength is in metallurgy, my child, I'm afraid I'm not well-versed in the peculiarities of Aether technology. My apologies.
That reminds me... Have you two ever crossed paths with a peculiar fellow that goes by the name of Giovanni? He's an outsider with a fondness for wearing masks. He tasked me with delivering a message to the pair of you...
He asked me to mention a certain "elite player" — someone who once stormed the championship and kicked up quite the fuss in the gaming world.
I'm just as puzzled. But alas, I'm merely a messenger. The subtleties within the words, I imagine, are for you two to decipher.
No need for formalities! 'Tis a trifle.
Hahaha — truly, a spark of genius!
I, Gongshu Liang, did forge this tricky road, but who, pray tell, has cracked this old man's code⁓?
Behold, young whippersnappers, prepare to witness my unparalleled talents!
Such strength! Such might!
Thank you, benefactors...
You always do this, mother — scold me before figuring out what actually happened...
It was a dire situation! I was the only one who could—
You two! Please wait!
Thank you for saving me, benefactors... and I'm sorry you had to witness all that...
So you've experienced it yourself, benefactor? That's great! I—I mean... I'm happy I finally found someone who can understand me.
You think so too, benefactor...? I—I mean, I know getting emotional only makes things worse.
But I've had the Hairpin Ceremony — I'm an adult now! I have the right to pursue my dreams! Mom still insists on sheltering me under her wing, as if I can't even stay alive without her.
My mom is actually a reasonable person, but she gets unreasonable as soon as I mention flying.
She hid my starskiff toys, dragged me away from the port when I stayed behind to count ships, forced me to study for ages... I did everything I could to work my way into the Sky-Faring Commission, but she used her authority to assign me a desk job.
*sigh* Every time I walk along Starwatcher Avenue and look up at those ships flying freely across the sky, I feel empty inside...
Hehe, speaking of empty inside... So how were Mom's refreshments? Good?
*sigh* I've been so angry today I forgot to eat anything.
How about this? My mom thanked you guys with refreshments, so I should do the same! Let me take you around Starskiff Haven — we can try the most authentic snack on the Luofu!
We're here! The thing about the most authentic snack on the Xianzhou Luofu is... it's a drink! And it's inside this vending machine.
I'm sorry! I'm afraid I don't have the money for anything fancy.
No, no, it's a local specialty, trust me.
Here. Mung bean soda. One can each.
This thing has a bit of a unique flavor, but I love it.
Oh? Is there a drink like this where you're from?
Whoa, I've never met an outworlder who could down a mung bean soda like that!
D—Don't worry, I choked the first time too! Have a few more sips, it takes a while for the unique flavor to, uh... work.
Th—That bad? Sorry!
But I guess not everyone can accept what I like. *sigh* Just like flying...
Well, don't force yourself. Let's go somewhere else — I know a really great place in Starskiff Haven to starskiff-watch!
Ha, tell that to my mom. Her number one life lesson is: "You can't turn back once you enter the sky. Pilots are always dancing with death."
I know she's right — I know being a fighter pilot is an exhausting and dangerous job... but I still want to fly among the stars — to fight for the Xianzhou Alliance across the vast galaxy...
Have you heard of the foxian "birthfate" tradition? Soon after a child is born, we surround them with items that represent future destinies.
If the child reaches for a jade abacus, then they'll grow up to be a diviner. If they reach for a sword, then they'll grow up to be a famous warrior. And if they reach for a toy starskiff...
What? No... It means they'll become a pilot.
That's right!
No, not me... My genius mom did...
Mom reached for the starskiff and showed a natural talent for flying. General Jing Yuan recruited her to the Cloud Knights as soon as she was old enough — that's how she became a fighter pilot.
Later, she achieved miracles... One time, she destroyed three beast ships in a hail of borisin anti-aircraft fire — like an arrow tearing through a thunderstorm... She also holds the Sky-Faring Commission records for speed and enemy vessels destroyed.
I'm proud to be Madam Yukong's daughter. I've wanted to become a legend like her for as long as I can remember.
*sigh* She never told me any of those stories herself, and she hasn't piloted a starskiff since the Third Denizens of Abundance War. She doesn't even bring up her military achievements.
I used to watch her fly when I was young... then one time, I stole a starskiff and I tried all kinds of difficult maneuvers. Turns out I was as talented as she was. Not only did I survive the flight, my landing was perfect.
I remember feeling so happy when they took me to see Mom — there I was boasting about the flight, expecting her to laugh, pat my head, say "that's my girl" or something. But boy, I've never seen her so scary...
I admit, I deserved to be punished — you can't let a kid get away with stealing a starskiff... but my Mom was angry about more than that. She was angry because I viewed her as a role model — because I had the same talent as her. I don't understand it.
But... flying is the only thing I want to do. I've already touched the sky.
It's Mom's secretary, Miss Xikui... She just sent me a message — Mom lost one of her trinkets in Stargazer Navalia when she came to save me...
Miss Xikui suggested I find the trinket and return it to Mom — said it might help me get back in her good books.
Is it really okay to bother you two again?
You're too kind, benefactors. I'll treat you to something better than mung bean soda next time!
S—Sorry! Please don't mention the mung bean soda again!
The fight with the abominations was pretty chaotic... I think Mom's trinket would've dropped around here.
Lemme think... It should be a little square thing? She's usually got something like that on her.
You think my mom would carry this with her?
You're so smart, Mr. Yang!
No, this is only a replica... Probably some kind of film prop.
A birdcage... Huh, that reminds me. Have you guys heard of the birds that live in the Ever-Hunt Plains? They have beautiful feathers but you can't domesticate them. They don't live long if you lock them up in a cage.
Makes sense... How could a bird that's known the sky live in a cage.
Yes! This is it! This is Mom's trinket... Huh? There's something inside...
Mom always carries this trinket around with her, but I never realized there was something inside...
Is this... the Hunt crest?
This is what pilots hang in their starskiff cockpits for good luck.
...Not yet, I want to go back later. There's something I hope you two can help me with first.
You misunderstand, I just... wanna know what she's thinking.
What turned an ace pilot — someone who loved to fly — into someone like her?
My mom clearly misses her flying days, otherwise she wouldn't keep this on her person. But she doesn't fly anymore and refuses to let me become a fighter pilot. Why?
General Jing Yuan? Are you sure it's okay to go straight to him? ...Oh, right, you're the general's guests... Even so, this is asking a lot of you...
In that case... thank you so much, benefactors... I'll head back to Starskiff Haven. I'm not ready to return to the Sky-Faring Commission yet...
You're here. My mom... isn't in a great mood. She went for a walk.
Mm-hmm... probably because of me...
Hehe, my mom isn't the irresponsible type — she only skips work if she's managed to delegate everything.
Well, we do both like to take a walk after a fight. The only difference is that I come to this side of Starskiff Haven, and she heads to the other... That way we don't bump into each other.
Really? I think it's silly.
Yeah, I agree.
You can say that again.
Anyway... did you find anything out from General Jing Yuan?
*sigh* I was always curious about her past, but she either dodged my questions or pretended not to hear them.
In the end, I realized she probably experienced something that left a scar... a scar that never fully healed. I never asked her again.
So, she doesn't want me to fly because she remembers the pain of losing her friend... and she thinks that my talent makes it more likely that she'll lose me in the same way?
Hmm... You're right, Mr. Yang... but I still have something else to check first. This past that General Jing Yuan mentioned is probably archived in the Palace of Astrum.
I remember watching her handle a document with great care before she filed it away... it looked like a diary.
Vaguely. But there are so many files stored in the Sky-Faring Commission. Could I ask you benefactors to look for it with me...?
Of course, you're right, sorry!
Mr. Yanming is a stickler for rules — I don't wanna annoy him. Let's go to a different device.
No... this is Miss Xikui's daily schedule... she's super busy.
Umm... let's leave her alone...
We can use this one! Okay... hmm... lemme see — helm masters, personal archive... got it! Let's go take a look.
It should be here. Let's see... yes! This is Mom's diary.
It should be fine — this is from decades ago. For you travelers, that's more than half a lifespan.
*sigh* ...Fine.
Is it really that big of a deal? I'm sure they're just her notes on life as a pilot...
I understand, I can tell Mr. Yang is a principled person — there are some lines he won't cross.
C'mon, pleeeease look at it with me? I need someone to give me some advice.
Let's read it together. Maybe her diary holds the key to all of this.
Mr. Yanming, please, calm down — let us explain...
I understand, Mr. Yanming... but now, compared to becoming a fighter pilot, I'm more interested in knowing what my Mom went through...
I want to know what happened... how she went from ace pilot to helm master.
Where are Miss Caiyi's possessions stored?
If Mom still longs for the sky, then why does she no longer fly?
Thanks for telling us all this, Mr. Yanming.
Got it.
My mom keeps lots of stuff in her desk. Let's have a look.
That's the selling point of this desk: super simplistic design with super spacious hidden compartments. Lots of office staff use this desk.
There are hidden compartments on the left, right, and under the desktop. Which one should we check first?
A paper kite... personal letters... and a copy of Otherworldly Delights? So Mom likes these kinds of novels? I thought she'd prefer more heroic stuff...
...but what we're looking for isn't here.
There's some exhibition material, not sure if it's relevant... Ah! This is... the fallen heroes archive... Mom stored them right next to her..
Every time our pilots returned from the battlefield, my mother would tell me never to forget the cost of victory...
...but what we're looking for isn't here.
...Got it.
This looks similar to Mom's diary... but it looks like it belonged to Miss Caiyi...
So... I was adopted? And this Miss Caiyi... was my real mother?
...I suppose I've always had a feeling... but now I know the truth, I feel like I'm dreaming...
"Don't let that child touch the sky..."
Is this why Mom refuses to let me become a fighter pilot?
When I was little, I asked my Mom where my dad was... She said I was grown from the starskiff assembly line at Stargazer Navalia...
I thought she was just a bad liar... I even thought she meant I'd inherited her talent with starskiffs.
For a pilot, the most important oath before departure is the promise to bring your comrade back.
Mom didn't manage to bring her comrade back... so she vowed to prevent me from setting out. Not only am I her daughter — I'm also her final promise to Caiyi.
I... I never thought my dream would put Mom in such a difficult situation.
...I feel a lot closer to Mom after reading this diary. Even if we're not connected by blood, I understand her a lot more now.
Yes! Thank you!
It's fine, I don't need you to do anything... I just want you and Mr. Yang to stand nearby... I'll feel more confident that way...
I want to try one last time. If Mom still doesn't agree... then I'll resign myself to signing documents in the Sky-Faring Commission.
Mm, it's okay, I understand. Just having you stand next to me is already a great help, benefactors.
When Mom feels down, she usually goes to take in a view of the Jade Gate. She should still be there, let's go find her.
Mom...
Mom!
Actually... I want to talk to you about something right now.
I want to become a fighter pilot, no matter what.
But...
Mom, what are you talking about? I'm your daughter — our bond is bigger than forgiveness and reason. I'll listen to anything you have to say...
Mom... this is the first time I've heard you talk about this... but I'm not a little girl anymore. The road of a fighter pilot is a cruel one, I know that now...
...but I won't hide from it — I'm not afraid to walk the same road as her. If my sacrifice can bring happiness to the citizens of the Xianzhou, then I'm ready for it!
...The Reignbow Arbiter's divine arrow...
Mom...
Mom... you don't need to apologize. Really, you don't need to...
Huh? Really!? Thank you, Mom! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!
Mom... I have one last request...
I want to... fly with you at least once...
But... why?
Just run! These monsters can't get up here anytime soon!
...You know I have the talent to make it! I can become the Luofu's best pilot, just like you were!
I already told you — I had no choice! I want to help you and the Sky-Faring Commission, not sit at my desk dealing with never-ending papers! That job doesn't suit me...
I got the highest grade in the fighter pilot test — they all said I was a genius like you. "Like mother, like daughter." They were all jealous of me...
But no one even knew I had to take the test behind your back. You would never have allowed me to go if I told you about it!
And I don't understand why you don't understand...
Why can anyone in the world become a fighter pilot, except the helm master's daughter? Don't you realize how ridiculous that is? You may not want to fly anymore, but don't trap me down here with you!
Because it's MY life!
...Huh? I didn't think anyone would still remember my name after all this time.
Oh? Which ones might they be? The time I finished off that rampaging prowler with just three bullets? Or when I defended the outpost from monsters for six days straight without food or water?
Hahaha, sure! In which case, I'll cut my walk short and tell you all the grisly details...
No need to look far.
Nice work, Seele. We were attacked on both sides by robots — who knows where they came from. We thought we were in it for the long haul, hahaha!
We're fine — we're used to it at this point. We sent those pesky robots and ragtag troops packing. The mine should be quiet for a while.
And who are your friends here...
Hahaha! That's quite the tone to take on our first meeting. I won't forget you in a hurry.
Hah, it's been a while since I heard that anyone was pleased to meet anyone, haha. I won't forget you in a hurry. Wildfire welcomes you.
So, you went to all this trouble to find Wildfire. What help is it you need?
Ho-ho, well this is new. Wildfire can barely take care of the Underworld, and now outsiders are looking for assistance from us.
This "Stellaron" you speak of — I've never heard of it. But if it's a secret that even we locals don't know about, then one name does come to mind...
The current supreme guardian is a liar who uses sweet words to deceive the Underworld. She's never cared about our survival—
Miss Overworld, my words may be painful to you, but every one of them is true. Go out into the towns and hear for yourself — see how the people here suffer.
I haven't gotten close to voicing the extent of the Underworld's grievances, young lady. But I will respect your request. I will leave it at that, for now.
Let's get back to the main topic. The name that came to my mind, was Svarog.
Sworn enemy? Not how I see it. The young master here is closer. Svarog is a cold and unfeeling machine. He recognizes only the dead reasoning of his calculations.
Svarog is not against Wildfire... or perhaps I should say: Wildfire isn't even of concern to him. That ancient robot witnessed the war...
If you're looking to pick up a thread... he may well be your best source.
Robots don't forget. If Svarog hasn't heard of your Stellaron, then I'm afraid perhaps no one has.
We've tried repeatedly to negotiate with Svarog, but he rejects every effort. He believes that Wildfire is a threat. Still, if it were you guys...
Hmm... It's difficult to say.
...We have time. Let's get into the detail tomorrow. It's late, and you must've been through a lot. Go back to the town and rest. I'll make arrangements.
As for our Silvermane girl here... do you have time? I'd like to talk with you in private.
Oh! Look who's here!
She has a bunch of other things to attend to, so I hope you don't mind talking to this old man instead. I speak on behalf of Natasha.
By the way, sorry for keeping that whole thing about her being the actual leader of Wildfire a secret. Hahaha...
I'm glad you don't mind. Natasha is always cautious, but she has no ill intent, as you surely have noticed.
Hahaha, my apologies. Natasha is always cautious, but she has no ill intent, as you must have noticed.
Oh, well. I might just be second in command, but I still have a lot of responsibility. I couldn't give Natasha up right when we first met, could I? I had no clue that you bunch would become big heroes of the Underworld.
She told me to make sure you return to the Overworld safely. I gave it some thought, and I think the safest way is to ask this fella for help.
Hm, something you wanted to ask?
Natasha trusts me. In her eyes, an ex-military officer was more suited to be the leader of the organization than a doctor.
But the most important thing a leader needs is a strong heart. An ability to unite everyone toward a common cause. In that respect, no one in the underground comes close to her.
I was actually once an officer of the Silvermane Guards. After being discharged due to an injury, I followed my old lady here to the Underworld, where I planned to retire.
But as things would have it, I ended up busier than ever.
There is nothing to regret! Life in the Underworld is hard, but people here are kind and everyone is close like one big family.
Do I miss it? If you're talking about the time with my comrades-in-arms, of course. But other than that, I don't really prefer it over life in the Underworld.
Wildfire has already made it through its darkest days. With Natasha's leadership, we have the confidence to lead the Underworlders to a brighter future.
And much of that is thanks to all of you.
Fortunately, Svarog turned out to have some useful information for you. After all your hard work, I'd feel quite guilty if you left empty-handed. Hahaha!
While you still have a long journey ahead, I have no doubt our paths will cross again one day. Till we meet again, friends of Wildfire!
You kids move fast! By the look on your faces, I assume you come bearing good news?
So the massive tremors we felt earlier were a result of the battle, right?
Now that Cocolia is no more, I guess our Silvermane girl is about to become the next supreme guardian?
She sees things through and doesn't go back on her word. The Underworld will thrive again under her watch.
Hahaha, less rust and Geomarrow particles floating around. Take a deep breath, children — this is what freedom tastes like.
...I never thought I'd live to see the Administrative District again. All those years... We've been through a lot, Natasha.
Enjoy the peace and quiet, Natasha. We earned it.
Well, well, well! I don't think our little clinic has ever played host to an occasion like this!
Likewise, miss! The more the merrier!
Quite right. Let's head inside — too much commotion out here.
You're worried that Underworlders might still hold a grudge against the Silvermane Guards, so you want to show your solidarity with the Trailblazers to build some trust. Seems like a sound strategy to me.
Seems like you have a good handle on the situation. I see now why you made captain at such a young age, haha!
Haha, I think there's no need for the guessing game to continue. It's obvious we share the same goal.
With the help of Bronya, Serval, and Gepard, we're one step closer to rebuilding a united Belobog.
Not good... Stay here, Natasha — the patients need you. The soldiers and I will handle this.
Ha, you're a natural-born commander. Understood, leave it to me, son.
Your troops will be unfamiliar with the layout of the mine — I'll send some of my men to be your guides.
None other than the saviors of Belobog! To what do I owe the pleasure? To be honest, I'm surprised you even remembered an old geezer like me!
But... I can tell by the look on your faces you're probably not dropping by to say hi.
Let me guess — something to do with these unruly people in black showing up everywhere?
Well, ask away! It just so happens I'm curious about them myself. Maybe I can be of some help.
I see...
...That's a tricky situation alright... a lot for anyone to handle, let alone someone as young as Lady Bronya.
Wanna hear the truth? I'm afraid great ambitions and lofty plans no longer hold much appeal for an old-timer like me.
If this "IPC" does indeed possess the magical power to restore Belobog back to its former self overnight, then I think the answer is clear.
Have you considered the opposite? What about if we refuse? The reconstruction plan already sounds like an endless endeavor. With the added burden of a massive debt... How's that something we can manage on our own?
What worries me most is how Lady Bronya will handle the backlash from her people. Will she be able to withstand the criticism? Is she prepared to carry the weight of a tarnished reputation for years to come?
The truth is, great ambitions and lofty plans no longer hold much appeal to an old-timer like me.
If this "IPC" does indeed possess the magical power to restore Belobog back to its former self overnight, then I think the answer is clear.
But that's just my personal opinion. In the end, it's all up to Lady Bronya.
Svarog? He's an artificially intelligent being from the Old World. He was here when the underground was first constructed. That's about all I know.
Now he guards the Furnace Core hub. Many vagrants have established bases in the vicinity, seeking Svarog's protection.
You got the gist from Natasha, right? The miners and vagrants came to blows over the vein, then Svarog's subordinates pushed everyone back.
Well, perhaps their methods were lacking in finesse, but that's essentially what they did.
You saw for yourself — after he pushed everyone back, he disappeared. It was clear: He didn't have any interest in the vein itself.
If you want my take, he prevented another Underworld conflict, even if the execution was rough around the edges.
His behavior says something about his thinking: "As long as everyone's been driven out, the conflict is over."
Well, I heard that she's a Silvermane Guard that was sent to arrest you. I expected you to be less friendly around each other... Are you worried about her?
Oh, working together? Understood. Rest easy, I won't make things difficult for her.
Hahahaha, you needn't worry! That Silvermane girl wouldn't be afraid of an old veteran anyway.
Really? I'm surprised. Still, you can rest easy, I won't make things difficult for her.
We haven't seen a Silvermane Guard down here for a long time now. I just wanna ask her a few questions, nothing more.
It's getting late. You should go back to the town and get some rest.
Hahaha, it's good to have everyone back together. Let me get straight to it...
Regarding this "Stellaron" and your predicament in the Overworld, your friends have gone over both with me again.
The last time I saw Cocolia, she was an impressive young lady... I never thought that after becoming the guardian...
All I can say is that I sympathize with your situation. Rest easy. Wildfire won't go behind your back on this.
Your plan sounds a bit like the ravings of a drunken miner, but at least you're offering a road forwards. We Underworlders haven't had a road to anywhere for a long time now, and you can see how things have become. I'm willing to give you guys a shot.
Maybe it is! But I think we need to set our sights on something a bit more realistic. You guys want to know the whereabouts of the Stellaron. Wildfire wants to remove the restrictions on the Underworld...
In other words, Svarog is the target of both our efforts. If we can't deal with the boss, we can't deal with anything.
Both your approaches have merit. We would always rather avoid losses and settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
We should make preparations for both approaches. Of course, it's better to settle matters through peaceful means. But if the situation changes, we must be prepared for armed conflict at a moment's notice.
Wildfire has tried many times to make contact with Svarog — without success. He has no intention of engaging with us.
At our current strength, it would be incredibly dangerous to use force. Svarog's robots don't fear sacrifice, and I don't want to risk Underworld lives.
But things have changed — your arrival constitutes an "external variable" for Svarog. I may not have the full picture, but perhaps you guys have an opportunity to sway him.
Hahahaha! Our scheme is coming along nicely! But I fear that Svarog just isn't the swaying type. *sigh* You'll understand when you get to his territory. Things never run smoothly down here.
What about you, Miss Silvermane? You're the only one here that isn't compelled to do or die with Svarog. I'd like to hear your plan.
Hahaha, excellent! An enlightened answer, young lady — and spoken like a true successor to the guardianship.
Seeing as we're all on the same side, there's no reason to delay. Let's go, I've arranged for a guide to take you to Svarog.
Wildfire's relationship with Svarog has been hostile for a long time now, accompanying you would only lead to misunderstandings. We'll be nearby, awaiting orders. If things go south, we'll be there in no time.
Seele, perhaps you can take our outsider friends the rest of the way.
Aren't you going to go watch the fight, Seele? He's defending his championship title.
Hahaha, you're right about that! I get it if you don't wanna join in the fun. It's all the same after a while.
Ahh, what a rare moment of rest... Maybe I should find a spot to stretch my legs a bit, too.
Hahaha, silly girl! Just a few days of hard-earned rest, and you're already making it sound like jail time!
Oh, you heard us?
We were talking about my student, Luka.
Sounds like our rustic and friendly community left a good impression on the visitors, hahaha.
Oh, you heard us?
We were talking about my student, Luka.
You've probably met him before, right? Yep, it's that boy with the mechanical arm. He was also doing work for Wildfire before, just not in this town.
What? You don't want to?
Oh, I remember now... Luka was defending his title once, and Seele was watching in the audience.
The opponent for that fight was too weak. They went down with just a few punches. I don't know what got into Luka after that, but he said out loud that he wanted Seele to come up and fight him right there and then...
Hahaha, okay, I'll stop. Anyway, that's what Luka's like. He forgets about himself once he's in the mood.
Oh, you probably haven't met him yet. In short, he's a top-tier fighter in the Underworld. He was also doing work for Wildfire before, just not in this town.
...Oh? My student? Did something happen recently?
I was wondering why he didn't come and see me after the championship match ended. Come, tell me about it.
Mm... that does sound a little strange. Luka usually doesn't push himself so far...
Ah, then he probably didn't describe the scene in detail.
Well, let me tell you about it.
That was... six? Seven years ago? I was patrolling with some comrades in the neighboring town of Moltammerville — we passed an ordinary mechanics shop.
There was a serious-looking fella looking after the shop. He was probably a few years younger than me, but his hair and beard were white as snow. There was a young lad doing odd jobs — he looked pretty exhausted.
Anyway, I convinced the shopkeeper to let him come with me.
Luka was a fast learner. At first, I couldn't figure out if he liked what I was teaching him — fighting, weapons, strategy, etc. He didn't talk a lot — just kept his head down.
Then... about a year after I took him in, Luka lost one of his arms while rescuing townsfolk from the Fragmentum in Moltammerville.
...He almost didn't make it — he was unconscious for two or three days. I sat next to his bed, anxious and guilty. Guess what he said to me after he woke up?
"Master, I feel great!"
He had bandages all over his body — most of his wounds hadn't healed yet... But, it was the first time he'd ever smiled at me. I still remember that expression.
Oh, sorry, I get a little carried away when I tell this story, hahaha.
Can't tell from looking at him, right?
What I'm trying to say is: Luka views other people's lives as more important than his own. That's how he's always been.
So when he says stuff like "this is for training" — that's probably a lie. He's hiding something from you alright.
Anyway, I'm too old to be getting involved in this stuff. I'm sure you and Seele can sort this by yourselves.
One thing I will ask — please try not to embarrass him too much, okay? He's the fighting champion of Boulder Town, after all — an idol for all the children. He needs to keep up that image, haha.
Huh? Hurry and run to the Club now. Otherwise, the fight'll be over when you get there.
Luka's opponents usually don't last long, hahaha. Go!
I saw your duel with Luka — I gotta admit, I was on the edge of my seat!
I heard this game isn't just for kids... I might have a crack at it myself once I get the time, haha!
On the eastern horizon, the arbor stands tall, the candle dragon down below... One day, I'll see that view for myself.
Hello, are you here for a bit of Exalting Sanctum scenery too?
Sorry to bother you.
I've heard there are serious incidents unfolding on the Luofu. Communication with the Divination Commission's delve has been severed. For your own safety, I'd suggest you remain here.
If you do have an important reason to go, then please be extra careful.
I'm just a doctor — there's not much I can do to assist you. These are medicinal pellets that the Alchemy Commission hands out to field doctors — you might find them useful in an emergency. Take them.
In that case, would you mind describing it to me?
Precisely. I've been without sight since the day I was born.
My other senses make up for that fact to some extent — they're as strong as anyone else's.
I can hear the sounds of people on the wind, smell the moisture from the rain clouds of the Artisanship Commission, feel the delicate texture of the yule flower's petals. All I lack is a window on the world...
I've been here many times in my life, but the scenery can never fully reveal itself to me.
That's why I'd love you to describe it to me.
Sorry to bother you.
You have a very distinct scent. Losing one sense forces the other senses to become sharper.
Everyone does — you're the hero who rescued the Vidyadhara Healer Lady in Exalting Sanctum.
I heard from other alchemists you have a prescription you wish me to assess... can you read it to me?
Thank you.
Don't worry, I've trained myself to remember everything I hear.
Hmm... A strange and dangerous prescription, but I believe I understand the pharmacology... It involves drawing upon the strength of Long's Scions to attain the power of... ascension.
The specifics, however, will require further investigation. This will take some time...
...I could hardly happen upon Vidyadhara bone marrow and test the prescription myself, could I?
Leave your contact details with me. When I've completed my assessment of the pharmacology, I'll get in touch with you.
The pharmacology of this Draught of Draconic Surge is peculiar. I'll need time to run a thorough analysis. When I have a conclusive answer, I'll contact you immediately.
Ah, you're back. From the sound of your stride, I sense you're in good spirits.
Many who undertake the far-reaching journey to the Xianzhou are weighed down by a heavy heart and exhaustion... but your steps are bold and steady - a stride worthy of a Nameless.
A persons's footfall reveals a lot about their strength and emotions — much like how a person's breath may serve as an indication of their overall health.
I wouldn't be envious. This is not an innate ability — merely compensation for my visual impairment. Ultimately, nothing I hear or smell can match the vividness of the colors that you perceive.
Let's get down to business... I analyzed the prescription you procured: the Draught of Draconic Surge. Now that I have a preliminary conclusion, it needs to be delivered to the Seat of Divine Foresight.
The conclusion... Put simply, I don't believe that the Draught of Draconic Surge holds the cure to the mara. Even in the foreseeable future, there will likely not be any such cure.
I've compiled the details into a written analysis. If you're interested, feel free to take a look.
This is a copy of "Pharmacological Studies on the Draught of Draconic Surge." If the chief counselor wants to see it urgently, I'll have to ask you to deliver it for me.
Need something else? Isn't the Seat of Divine Foresight anxious to learn about the prescription?
My stay in Exalting Sanctum was supposed to be focused on treating people and delivering medicine, but the Seat of Divine Foresight tasked me with analyzing the prescription... I've been severely delayed.
I've already concocted some of the medicine in question, but there can't be any further delays. Could you assist me in ensuring it arrives on time?
My colleagues were supposed to handle the deliveries, but now healers are needed everywhere... I can't count on them to do it. I thought long and hard, but I realized I had no choice but to ask you. Perhaps you could see it as repaying a favor?
This is the medicine. Her house is near the Court of Tranquility, it shouldn't be hard to find her.
How was she? Did you deliver the medicine?
...
She reminds me of myself when I was a child — I also had to find my way in the dark, face obstacles I couldn't predict, as well as deal with unconscious prejudices people had against me.
If I was ever injured by bullies or after a fall, I'd run crying to the healers at the Alchemy Commission and ask them to heal me. I suppose that's why I followed in their footsteps — to pay a little kindness forward.
I want to meet the little girl, can you lead me to her?
Yes...
...I worry about her wandering around on her own, and I want to know what's been on her mind lately.
Her parents passed away in the Denizens of Abundance Wars... The relatives who took her in aren't close to her, and whenever I treat her, she often confides in me.
A healer's medicine might remedy one's physical health, but sometimes the loneliness and hurt inside one's heart needs companionship and care to heal.
She told me that whenever she's feeling troubled, she finds a quiet corner in the Artisanship Commission and just sits there, letting the sounds wash over her.
Her parents used to be artisans in the Commission, so I think she has some nostalgic connection to the place.
In all likelihood, that's where she'll be. *sigh* There's danger around every corner these days — especially for a sightless child. Let's go.
...What's happening? Is the girl in trouble?
It's alright, everything's okay now, Xiaoyu...
Is that why you're crying? Maybe... you should start getting used to this feeling...
...because in the next few centuries, visually impaired people like us will continue to require help from everyone we meet.
So, if a little bit of guilt like this is enough to break your heart, then how will you manage such an arduous path?
I'm not trying to console her. This is... the reality.
Walking alone in the darkness, fearing every incoming, invisible obstacle, unable to understand other people's descriptions...
Everyone, everything is like a hot coal in the dark — invisible, yet still able to burn you.
As a long-life species, she can expect life to continue like this for nearly a thousand years. She must learn to depend upon herself rather than just foolishly waiting around for the next hero to swoop in and save her.
One hopes that would be the case...
...but that would require someone to be by her side every waking second of every day. In the meantime, she'll have to learn to withstand the darkness — just as I have.
Yes... by trying my best to change her personal circumstances.
In the meantime, she'll have to learn to withstand the darkness — just as I have.
Good, I hope you remember this — forever.
Thank you again, for all you've done.
It would seem we Incomplete Ones are often bullied from a tender age... I endured innumerous hardships to become chief alchemist, yet there are still things that leave me feeling helpless.
That's the reason I said what I said... You might mistake my words for being hurtful — but the truth is, no amount of words can prepare her for what lies ahead.
For long-life species, these things are permanent. Whether we are beautiful or ugly, tall or short, wise or foolish — all of it is encoded into our flesh from the moment we are born.
The impairments of short-life species can be corrected with ingenia or surgery, but that's an impossibility for Xianzhou natives.
No matter the method employed, our bodies will eventually return to their original states.
I too was once a non-believer — I fooled myself into acquiring artificial eye implants... Soon thereafter, my sightless eyes began to regenerate, and I was left in pain and despair...
That brief window of sight that I regained has turned into a perpetual source of anguish — forever etched into my mind...
For long-life species, this incompleteness is a permanent, unavoidable penance.
Hmph, what a joke... Even the Denizens of Abundance — the so-called "abominations" — needn't endure such torture. Perhaps we Incomplete Ones are merely traitors cursed by the Plagues Author.
It's nothing... Forget I said anything.
Oh, I have a gift for you... though I'll need a little time to prepare it. I'll contact you once it's ready to collect.
Your footsteps still linger. Could it be that you still have unanswered questions?
Ask, and I shall answer to the best of my ability.
Not all incompletions are without remedy. Take my ingenium arm, for example — it doesn't require any invasive surgery and operates by detecting bioelectric signals on my skin.
My eyes are another story — the optic nerves never fully developed. Transplants are a temporary solution, but they are soon rejected by the superior healing powers of the Xianzhou natives... The entire process is worse than death.
There are many similar cases... Skeletal deformities, soft tissue defects, congenital heart disease — the list goes on...
For short-life species, all these problems can be solved with artificial organs and implants. For long-life species, however, they remain as incompletions.
To give a common example... Did you know that to varying degrees, most Xianzhou natives are plagued by oral diseases and jaw-related conditions?
For most living creatures, wisdom teeth need to be removed as early possible... but for we long-life species, they are as stubborn as boulders. We must endure them for as long as we live.
You see? This is the truth about the Vessel of Celestials... nothing more than a vessel of the Incomplete.
For beings transformed by the Abundance, there's a difference. Do you know how Abominations of Abundance and Xianzhou people differ?
I've given this question much thought, using all the knowledge I've learned from the Alchemy Commission to answer it. But, deep down, I know there is only one correct answer: There is no difference.
The only difference between us is whether we embrace or reject the long life placed upon us by the Abundance.
The borisins, known for their ferocity among the Denizens of Abundance, are similar to the foxians of the Yaoqing genetically... But the foxians are not abominations — they're Xianzhou people.
From there, we can say that the difference between an abomination and a Xianzhou person is not one of taxonomy, but one of culture.
If an abomination aligns with the Xianzhou, then they are a Xianzhou person. If a Xianzhou person aligns with the abominations, they become an abomination themselves. It is that simple.
Abominations embrace their nature — they change and modify their flesh without care, for the sake of attaining power and strength. However, to the Xianzhou people, these methods are completely taboo.
Now you know why there are no Incomplete Ones among the abominations...
I'm just an alchemist — I don't understand them in any detail. I only know that they are a group of Xianzhou people who view themselves as Denizens of Abundance.
My guess is that they attribute their suffering to their decision to renounce the Path of the Plagues Author. Thus, they seek to save themselves by becoming Denizens of Abundance again.
I have a gift for you, but I'll need a little time to prepare it... I'll contact you once it's ready to collect.
This is a diary I kept — it records the many attempts I made to overcome my incompletions.
No need to apologize — feel free to read it. If you're interested in the Incomplete Ones... you can take it.
If it can deepen your understanding of our trials and tribulations, it will have fulfilled its purpose.
You've been running so many errands lately — I'd like for you to take some useful items away with you.
Examining the exhibits in the Seat of Divine Foresight inspired me to create this. I referenced some historical texts and concocted a medicine that can extend your lifespan and improve your health.
Consuming it will make your body light, agile, and promote longevity and well-being. As a Nameless, it'll make your journey a much less arduous one.
Well then, that's that. I've still got some other business to attend to, so... shall we say goodbye for now?
Perhaps the next time we meet, I'll be able to see you in the true sense of the word.
Yes, I am aware.
So they do. I am Master of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, scion of Merciful Medicus, and I shall lead the entire Xianzhou Alliance onto the Path of Abundance.
The head? What a crude way of putting it. I am Master of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, scion of Merciful Medicus, and I shall lead the entire Xianzhou Alliance onto the Path of Abundance.
I lied to you about many things... but I reserve my apology only for deceiving you into taking the medicine. As for the other falsehoods, they were merely in aid of communicating as equals.
Did you ingest the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet I gave you?
Did you feel the shift? So many Elixir Seekers arrive on the Xianzhou in the hope of obtaining the formula to immortality, but none have succeeded.
Their aspirations are well-founded. The Xianzhou does indeed harbor the secret to becoming immortal. I admire you, so I thought I'd give you the chance to obtain it.
Upon ingesting the Brumedew Concentrate Pellet, you will feel the limitless freedom of the form bestowed upon you by Merciful Medicus...
...and yet — you don't sound any different. Your breaths are not prolonged, and your presence doesn't feel like it's been altered in any way...
Why is that? Is your constitution somehow different from the average person?
A Stellaron...? That's impossible.
Even if what you say is true, to host a Stellaron as a short-life species would only spell an early demise. It looks like you are not fated to live a long life.
Looks like you have yet to forgive me... I understand.
I admire your vigilance... What a shame. So many Elixir Seekers arrive on the Xianzhou in the hope of obtaining the formula to immortality, but none have succeeded.
Their aspirations are well-founded. The Xianzhou does indeed harbor the secret to becoming immortal. I admire you, so I thought I'd give you the chance to obtain it.
The Brumedew Concentrate Pellet will turn you into a long-life species — you will feel the limitless freedom of the form bestowed upon you by Merciful Medicus... By not taking it, you are foregoing its benefits.
Such a pity... though as your friend, I respect your choice.
That which the Elixir Seekers that arrive on the Xianzhou dream of — the formula to immortality. To take it is to initiate the transformation from a short-life species into a Xianzhou person or an abomination... depending on your perception.
Please believe me when I say that never once have I thought about harming you... I merely wanted to offer you the chance to obtain immortality and freedom.
What did the minions at the Seat of Divine Foresight tell you about this conflict? That the Reignbow Arbiter is the emissary of the righteous? That the Arbiter is chasing the heathen Plagues Author across the stars, while the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus abet their heresy?
Do you really think that is the case? You don't understand Merciful Medicus, nor the Devilish Archer Author, but you understand me — do you see me as such? A heretic?
I do not ask for you to pick a side... I just wish for you to leave the Luofu — to leave this all behind. This isn't your fight, and I do not wish to make an enemy of you.
Since neither of us is eager to engage in combat, let us respectfully part ways.
I have been thinking... The Devilish Archer Author is not a benevolent god, nor is Merciful Medicus a malevolent one. Your choice to align with Jing Yuan was simply due to meeting him first.
Most unfortunate. Had you known me first, perhaps we could have been good friends.
I sincerely wish that this will be our last meeting.
Farewell, Nameless.
A lie, yes, but also a gift.
If it is to happen sooner or later, I would rather it happen later... Now, let us both take a step back — we needn't make this difficult.
I have been thinking... The Devilish Archer Author is not a benevolent god, nor is Merciful Medicus a malevolent one. Your choice to align with Jing Yuan was simply due to meeting him first.
Most unfortunate. Had you known me first, perhaps we could have been good friends.
I sincerely wish that this will be our last meeting.
Farewell, Nameless.
You should consider your own safety, first...
Mirrors again... what a surprise.
Quit stalling and get on with it!
What happened to talking tough!?
Take your paper dolls out, quickly! Do you remember the incantation?
Don't expect me to hold back.
We've still got a chance, puppet...
Cirrus said it themselves. There's a fragile balance when heliobi fuse together.
You know what to do, don't you, Huohuo?
But what? Aren't you gonna be living the life you've always wanted once I'm gone?
Hey Cirrus, why don't you try swallowing ME too, huh?
Why? You need a reason? How about this one...
I'd rather help a human than a conniving simpleton like you!
I'm a heliobus! We're not ghosts. Got it? Now scram!
I said scram. I have no time to talk nonsense with you.
I told you, I'm not a ghost! If I have to repeat myself again I'll be eating every one of you!
Bah — trapped for now... Sooner or later I'll find a way to make you break the seal...
Tsk... If you can't then you better give up the day job and start peddling desserts...
It's nothing. You scaredy-cat, I didn't see a single thing.
Ugh, not this again! You're a Judge of the Ten-Lords Commission — why are you always begging others for help?
Tsk, useless brat. Why was I sealed in with someone like you?
Hey, cut it out. I'm the only one around here who gets to tell this kid off... Me and those other judges. Got that!?
...Wait. Hold on. I smell something familiar...
Cirrus... it's you. Still a fan of your pathetic ventriloquist act, I see.
...Darn it! Think of something, you wimp!
Cirrus talks nothing but nonsense... but even so, Huohuo has a sensitive heart. You. Go say something nice to the girl.
Yes, which is why she needs other organic beings like you to support her! Get it? Go!
Keep dreaming. I have nothing nice to say to anyone.
Roam free!? Is that what you call this? This is as far as I can get from her.
You think I'd be here playing house with you numbskulls if I could fly away?
Oh, so it's all my fault? If you'd just let me devour you at the start, I could've spared you the trouble!
You hear that? Stop crying. You're useful. And your paper dolls are useful too.
Ugh, I've had enough of this! As soon I swallow that coward Cirrus, I'm gonna devour this little crybaby too!
Sealed my foot! My power was weak when I ran into this fox child. It was bad luck, nothing more!
Bah, I did no such thing — you're barely big enough to be an appetizer.
...Don't get ahead of yourself, Cirrus.
You hear that, scaredy-cat? You're the ace of the Ten-Lords Commission.
You need to start filtering out the stuff you don't wanna hear. That's what I do.
Friends!? Bah! I don't make friends with food.
Shut your trap!
Tsk, does that mean all the spiritfarers out there have fallen? What a useless army.
Oh-ho? Sounds like someone finally learned to talk tough.
I would've believed you if your legs weren't shaking so much!
Exactly! You're welcome, by the way... So, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
Huohuo, get her away from her!
What are you staring at? Go. Say something nice to the girl.
Less screaming, more thinking — this is an opportunity, is it not? Let's go in and check it out.
Constructive criticism!
Yuck — that judge would never say something so sickly.
Tsk, very funny...
Stupid girl. This is obviously a fake!
Hehe, you fraud... I'll deal with you once I get out!
Ha, that's a funny way of describing cowardice. Nauseating.
Ha, you've given the game away.
Stupid girl. This is obviously a trick!
Aha! Not even trying to hide your true colors!
Not a single one is the real thing!
That puppet judge never respected me, but she also never let her guard down.
Tsk, the Ten-Lords Commission never cared a wink about your frail constitution. You're the only one who makes a big deal about it...
...and as long as you don't drag me down, I don't really care how much of a coward you are, either...
Hey, hey, hey — get away from me...
See? People say good things about you. What are you gonna do about it?
What do you know!? Tsk... And what are we even talking about? We need to focus...
Ha, I didn't think you'd be able to, hehe. All these years and you finally started to grow up a bit.
...Just what do those old fogeys see in this coward?
Hmph. I may not like it, but that is how she sees me.
They're pretty good.
Mm, tasty morsels. Very satisfying.
The fact that your conductor knew to cater to the heliobus' tastes with Phase Flame ash says a lot about their experience.
...Infrequent visitor? I'm here every time this little whippersnapper is! Honestly...
Luckily for you, your conductor had the foresight to prepare some Phase Flame ash as a snack. I'm in a good mood today, so I'll let it slide.
Cuter!? I'll show you cuter!
Right answer.
Bah!
Hmph, well... good!
Don't look so surprised, young lady!
It's a long story...
I only recall a moment during that fateful night when my consciousness was on the verge of shattering into a million pieces... time stood still.
I watched myself parting from Ignamar — drifting without purpose... Then, before I knew what had happened, the girl had retrieved me, and a judge of the Ten-Lords Commission had sealed me within a tail.
I believe you humans call this kind of thing an "end-of-life-experience..." but why would a heliobus experience one of those? Ridiculous...
Since I'd slipped the leash, I thought I might as well change bodies and savor a bit of freedom. But then—
...My luck took a sour turn when I ran into this demoness... I mean, judge.
When I was with Huohuo, she'd constantly rant about me — whining about all the problems I'd caused her, how I'd ruined her life.
Hehe, it was only after I vanished that she realized she'd taken my power for granted. I wanted to hear her cry about it, so in a fit of anger I had this demon— uh, judge imprison me in the gourd.
...
Of course! We're pretty much co-workers at this point!
Hmm... So all I have to do is possess Huohuo and take out those other pesky heliobi... right?
Time to give this heedless creature a reality check!
It's exorcism o'clock!
Not ready? I'm the one doing the possessing here!
Ugh... Fine. As a courtesy, I'll wait. Tell me when you're ready.
Oh, so scaredy-cat is squad leader? Well, well, look at you!
Excuse me?
Who are you calling expendable!?
Take it easy, kid. Heliobi might lack physical form, but they're not impervious to physical attacks. Cirrus is merely putting on a brave face.
The moment they sense even a hint of defeat, it's over — they'll break into pieces, regardless of how powerful they are.
Exactly. And If there's anyone who can cause Cirrus to shatter, it's him...
What do you know? This is between me and the Ten-Lords Commission — a non-aggression pact, if you like.
If I were merely Starfire Essence, then naturally I'd prefer to glide through the cosmos... but after being entangled in your human world, my freedom is no longer that simple.
I am freer than ever before... I am going nowhere.
Tsk, let's see who takes care of who.
Other heliobi? Hmph, I'm the only heliobus you need to worry about.
Ha!?
I haven't left!
Are you a judge or not!? This heliobus is distorting your perceptions! Get a grip! Resist them!
"All gone"? Just watch me, I'll drag them all back!
What about your ghost-hunting buddies?
What about those Ten Lords fogeys?
You have me, don't you?
Just wait, I'm going to bring everyone here!
Huohuo, look, I brought everyone back for you.
Oh c'mon! You wanted them to return — they returned!
...Dead? Well, I haven't exactly had a picnic — exploding into countless shards, being your shadow for all those rotten years — it's about time I had some good luck!
I thought about getting out of here, but I couldn't shake the feeling there was something wrong... so I came back to see if you could manage on your own, or if you were still a scaredy-cat.
No, you're selling yourself short! You're daring! How you had the courage to do something so dangerous amazes me! It's not bravery you lack, but sense!
Forget about all that, I'm here now. But... did everyone really leave you because of me?
Well, since you put it like that, I suppose I have nothing to feel guilty about anymore!
...Somebody needs to keep you out of trouble! Speaking of which, there's a pesky heliobus lurking right here. I'm coming for you!
Don't even think about escaping!
Let's bring this one back.
How can your own flesh and blood be so heartless? These humans...
The behavior of these brats is astounding.
Hey! Wanna lose a hand!?
This is my original appearance, that of the Vidyadhara... Don't worry, I'm still Dan Heng, a descendant of the Vidyadhara, and also a member of the Nameless.
As recorded in the data bank, it is customary among the Vidyadhara to place one's hand on one's forehead when greeting someone. But... we don't need to do that.
It's getting late, I won't be staying up much longer. Sleep well.
My previous life is like a faint shadow — hardly visible yet following me wherever I go. It's hard to describe the feeling, but one thing is for certain — I am nobody's shadow.
The eternal banishment decree was like a pardon for me... After all, I'm here now, aren't I?
There is unfinished business between me and the maker of this weapon.
During my days in The Shackling Prison, reading books was my only respite from the long hours and the shadows of the past.
I have no interest in commenting on the deeds and sins of Imbibitor Lunae. Given the choice, I would like to cast his name aside... Even so, the consequences of his power will be borne by me alone.
The Vidyadhara that reside on the Xianzhou received a blessing from the Permanence — our dragon ancestor. On the Luofu, we wield a magic known as "cloudhymn" that allows us to manipulate water and control the rains.
The Ambrosial Arbor was severed long ago, but it is not dead. If there is any activity from the Denizens of Abundance, it will be connected to the Arbor.
Sometimes the general treats me as a friend from the old days. Unfortunately, I am unable to return the sentiment.
The high elder succession was incomplete, causing her to become trapped in shallow waters... Fortunately, she has a vitality that does not bend to the will of others.
That young swordmaster has a keen eye and a swift hand, but I have no desire to compete with anyone in a sword fight.
What he seeks I am unable to provide.
One cannot pick and choose their recollections. My past is unalterable.
The unrest within me seeks an escape.
The future is unknowable... but I have a choice.
I will pay the price for this power.
 {NICKNAME}, proceed with caution. I've got your back.
 {NICKNAME}, proceed with caution. I've got your back.
March, remember that— *sigh* Forget it, you never remember.
As always, Himeko, I can handle it.
Mr. Yang, do you have any insight into this? Allow me to explain my thinking.
Good to see you, General.
This is your last warning. Stay away from my companions.
The times are changed beyond recognition.
Do not be afraid.
I sense a storm...
Conflict requires undivided focus.
You are flawed.
A graze.
Inevitable.
Awaken, dormant scales.
Delve-hidden moon, world-cleansing dragon!
Not yet... not now.
A dragon... will always return.
Do not fret.
Water heeds the cloud's song...
The consequences are mine to bear.
It's all yours.
A fine piece.
Good.
Caution does not mean cowardice.
All remains as it did yesterday...
I wish not to use this strength.
The heavens surge...
Celestial dragon... Break!
Cloud-faring dragon... rise!
This could serve you well.
All manner of mystic arts have their own distinctive merits.
This is my original appearance, that of the Vidyadhara... Don't worry, I'm still Dan Heng, a descendant of the Vidyadhara, and also a member of the Nameless.
As recorded in the data bank, it is customary among the Vidyadhara to place one's hand on one's forehead when greeting someone. But... we don't need to do that.
It's getting late, I won't be staying up much longer. Sleep well.
My previous life is like a faint shadow — hardly visible yet following me wherever I go. It's hard to describe the feeling, but one thing is for certain — I am nobody's shadow.
The eternal banishment decree was like a pardon for me... After all, I'm here now, aren't I?
There is unfinished business between me and the maker of this weapon.
During my days in The Shackling Prison, reading books was my only respite from the long hours and the shadows of the past.
I have no interest in commenting on the deeds and sins of Imbibitor Lunae. Given the choice, I would like to cast his name aside... Even so, the consequences of his power will be borne by me alone.
The Vidyadhara that reside on the Xianzhou received a blessing from the Permanence — our dragon ancestor. On the Luofu, we wield a magic known as "cloudhymn" that allows us to manipulate water and control the rains.
The Ambrosial Arbor was severed long ago, but it is not dead. If there is any activity from the Denizens of Abundance, it will be connected to the Arbor.
Sometimes the general treats me as a friend from the old days. Unfortunately, I am unable to return the sentiment.
The high elder succession was incomplete, causing her to become trapped in shallow waters... Fortunately, she has a vitality that does not bend to the will of others.
That young swordmaster has a keen eye and a swift hand, but I have no desire to compete with anyone in a sword fight.
What he seeks I am unable to provide.
One cannot pick and choose their recollections. My past is unalterable.
The unrest within me seeks an escape.
The future is unknowable... but I have a choice.
I will pay the price for this power.
 {NICKNAME}, proceed with caution. I've got your back.
 {NICKNAME}, proceed with caution. I've got your back.
March, remember that— *sigh* Forget it, you never remember.
As always, Himeko, I can handle it.
Mr. Yang, do you have any insight into this? Allow me to explain my thinking.
Good to see you, General.
This is your last warning. Stay away from my companions.
The times are changed beyond recognition.
Do not be afraid.
I sense a storm...
Conflict requires undivided focus.
You are flawed.
A graze.
Inevitable.
Awaken, dormant scales.
Delve-hidden moon, world-cleansing dragon!
Not yet... not now.
A dragon... will always return.
Do not fret.
Water heeds the cloud's song...
The consequences are mine to bear.
It's all yours.
A fine piece.
Good.
Caution does not mean cowardice.
All remains as it did yesterday...
I wish not to use this strength.
The heavens surge...
Celestial dragon... Break!
Cloud-faring dragon... rise!
This could serve you well.
All manner of mystic arts have their own distinctive merits.
This is my original appearance, that of the Vidyadhara... Don't worry, I'm still Dan Heng, a descendant of the Vidyadhara, and also a member of the Nameless.
As recorded in the data bank, it is customary among the Vidyadhara to place one's hand on one's forehead when greeting someone. But... we don't need to do that.
It's getting late, I won't be staying up much longer. Sleep well.
My previous life is like a faint shadow — hardly visible yet following me wherever I go. It's hard to describe the feeling, but one thing is for certain — I am nobody's shadow.
The eternal banishment decree was like a pardon for me... After all, I'm here now, aren't I?
There is unfinished business between me and the maker of this weapon.
During my days in The Shackling Prison, reading books was my only respite from the long hours and the shadows of the past.
I have no interest in commenting on the deeds and sins of Imbibitor Lunae. Given the choice, I would like to cast his name aside... Even so, the consequences of his power will be borne by me alone.
The Vidyadhara that reside on the Xianzhou received a blessing from the Permanence — our dragon ancestor. On the Luofu, we wield a magic known as "cloudhymn" that allows us to manipulate water and control the rains.
The Ambrosial Arbor was severed long ago, but it is not dead. If there is any activity from the Denizens of Abundance, it will be connected to the Arbor.
Sometimes the general treats me as a friend from the old days. Unfortunately, I am unable to return the sentiment.
The high elder succession was incomplete, causing her to become trapped in shallow waters... Fortunately, she has a vitality that does not bend to the will of others.
That young swordmaster has a keen eye and a swift hand, but I have no desire to compete with anyone in a sword fight.
What he seeks I am unable to provide.
Ahem... You may leave, Bronya. Visitors have arrived.
The messenger informed me. Well done, Gepard. You may leave.
Welcome, visitors from beyond the Eternal Freeze. Or perhaps I should say: from beyond the sky... no?
I am Cocolia Rand, Belobog's supreme guardian. I would be grateful if you could tell me why you have come.
Do you wish me to doubt it? Or perhaps you're not confident in that identity yourself? Haha... No, I do not doubt it. I can see that you are not from this world.
The Architects remember the history well, else we should forget it. I know that in the distant past, before the Eternal Freeze descended or the Legion invaded, this world was once prosperous beyond measure...
An Aeon connected our planet to other worlds, and we discovered the endless possibilities of the boundless universe. We also came to know of Qlipoth, the Amber Lord. Under THEIR attentive gaze, we built the city walls.
...So, do not be surprised. For seven hundred years, the Architects have received no further communication from the stars... but I knew of your existence. Tell me why you have come.
A Stellaron?
...Correct.
...
Your analysis of our current circumstances is clear. We have indeed suffered the disasters you speak of, some of which prove vexatious to us even today... but why should you care?
Even if this Stellaron you speak of did bring about disaster, I fail to see its connection to you. I don't believe that anyone would go to such lengths to help a world unrelated to them... unless they had something to gain.
You... know how to seal the "Stellaron"?
Very well, I believe you. If our present situation is truly the result of this so-called Stellaron, then your arrival is the hope that Belobog has waited seven hundred years for. I am willing to assist you in any way possible to help you locate the Stellaron.
It's getting late, and you must be tired. I will arrange for you to stay in our most comfortable hotel. Rest there, and get a good night's sleep. Tomorrow, at noon, I will dispatch someone to escort you here, and we can discuss this urgent matter in greater detail.
It should be me thanking you, visitors from beyond the sky.
But of course. You are Belobog's honored guests, and have the highest privileges afforded to you.
I too need some time. I will go over our records for anything that may be connected to Stellarons... Please excuse me for not escorting you further.
...Of course I understand.
Do not worry, I have a way.
...
Bronya! I thought... I thought I'd lost you.
Where were you? A—Are you hurt? I'll fetch the butler right away—
The Underworld? Oh... I see.
In that case, report everything you saw, Commander Bronya.
...I'm listening. Go on.
Enough!
Arrogant, ignorant... Oh you disappoint me, Bronya.
You merely glimpsed the tip of the iceberg and now you think you know everything. You spend a short time with that Underworld scum, and suddenly you have the audacity to question my orders?
Guards! Take Bronya—
...I see.
I knew this moment would come sooner or later... I just didn't expect it would be so soon.
You want to know why I gave those orders... is that right? Do you believe you are ready to learn the truth?
Then come with me, Bronya.
It is time you heard it... the voice of this dying world.
Seven hundred years ago, this was Belobog's northern border and the site of an ancient battle. Here is where Alisa Rand led the first Silvermane Guards in resistance against the Legion.
Now... it is nothing more than an abandoned corridor, filled with the sounds of Old World echoes.
Don't let its fragmented appearance fool you, Bronya. On the day the promise is fulfilled... these ruins will become the breeding ground of a new world.
...And yet, the crime of our ancestors was their inability to embrace that destruction sooner...
From the moment those intruders descended from beyond the sky, this world was handed a death sentence. But the Stellaron... has reserved for us a thread of hope.
There is a price to pay for new life. Wiping away every decaying vestige of the Old World, renouncing the meaningless and lingering struggle... This is the price the Stellaron demands.
When the promise is fulfilled, Bronya... no longer will we have to squander our lives guarding this wasteland. You and I will witness the new world rise from the ruins.
Do you still not see, Bronya? There is no right or wrong here. Some of them acted out of human pride, others out of human shortsightedness.
Our ancestors... including Alisa Rand... spent their whole lives trying to prolong this civilization. Then, after all fell still, their memories were scattered by the blizzard.
They spent lifetimes writing songs of praise that lauded the bravery of humanity, but couldn't spare the time to gaze up into the stars.
To those entities of greater magnificence in the heavens above, a thousand years is but a passing moment, the attainments of insignificant beings nothing more than a footnote.
I shall not follow the guardians' misguided steps down that blind alley of narcissism. If persistence is futile, then one must choose a new beginning.
The Preservation... Has the Preservation ever looked humanity in the eye? Nothing more than an arrogant delusion of the Architects.
You will hear the real voice of magnificence, Bronya... Then, you will understand my choice.
This is where the first guardian led the Silvermane Guards into battle. She made huge sacrifices for the sake of temporary respite.
But the otherworldly Legion did not tire. She soon realized that flesh and blood could not contend with so ruthless an enemy.
When all was nearly lost, she chose to set her sights on the Stellaron... and made the first wish.
As for what came later... you know as well as I.
Ironic, no? All the Stellaron did was answer humanity's call, and yet we kept its existence a closely guarded secret for centuries.
Even going so far as to attempt to use "it" to control the Stellaron... Woeful... laughable.
Something created using otherworldly technology... An inhibitor that the IPC from the Old World and the Architects attempted to use to house the Stellaron.
...I know you have many questions, my daughter. Be patient... soon you will have all the answers.
...Go on, Gepard.
...I know well the consequences, Gepard. You may leave.
...You need to come to your senses, Serval.
Guards! Miss Serval is tired, take her to rest.
Sequester her lab and detain the researchers — their work is illegal.
Serval Landau... you were my most cherished friend.
...Foolish, weak...
Only I... Only I can understand. They have eyes that do not see, ears that do not hear...
Feast on their willful ignorance... absolve them of their stupidity and fear...
The automatons will ensure their safety. The most important defensive position is here on the surface. If our lines crumble, the underground will vanish in an instant. Our defenses here must be maintained at all costs.
These are the choices we make, Bronya... As a leader, you must harbor the courage and foresight to choose.
You, me, and every Silvermane Guard in the city, all of us must carry out a higher mission. There will come a day when you must make your own choice. Do you understand?
It is too early Bronya... still too early. You will understand when the time is right.
Do not resist, Bronya... Accept the common will!
Look upon their promised future, Bronya! A world without poverty, without cold, without suffering... A world where people no longer have to pray like prisoners for survival... A world that we can guard for all eternity.
Seven hundred years ago, we tried and fought unceasingly, believing that the radiance of human nature could shepherd us towards rejuvenation. And to what end? A crushing defeat!
Why, when faced with irrefutable strength, is our first thought always to resist, to cover our ears, instead of hearing the call?
It is the conceit and cowardice entrenched in the depths of human nature — so difficult to efface. Cast them aside, break free of the chains that bind you! The Stellaron will lead humanity to evolve, and THEY will...
...You came. I thought the blizzards had entombed you...
...Finished? I think I've given you long enough, to... bid farewell.
It's time I told you my other reason for bringing you here, Bronya.
I want to witness your choice.
I have told you all the truths there are to tell: The deal with the Stellaron, the wish I made to it... There are no more secrets between us.
Many years ago, the voice of the Stellaron sounded in my ears for the first time. I was no different from the previous generations of guardians... I withdrew, refused to hear. I was as you are now — bitterly defending the Architects' so-called "Preservation..."
My conviction was once steadfast, unparalleled... until a sudden change arrived and threw everything into chaos. Another choice appeared before me — a subversion of the old order... and the welcoming of a new world.
And compared to the illusory, evermore distant Preservation, this was so tangible...
I have agonized — long agonized over how to convey all this to you. Inevitably, the promised tomorrow will transpire... but if you were not there beside me, to watch over that new world...
...Then I would descend into torment, Bronya — enduring torment!
Perhaps I should be thanking you, outsiders. The pressure you have imposed... has at long last compelled me to confront my final... weakness.
Bronya, throughout your life, I have never forced you to submit to my will. You have always, will always have a choice... as then, so now.
Choose, my daughter.
...
So... this is your choice. I understand, Bronya.
Pity... Such a pity that you will never see that resplendent world... Unable to free yourself from the shackles of your mind... You know what? You were supposed to be... the mother of the new world.
The fate of this city... of Belobog... is sealed. Its future will unfold in our hands.
And you... will become the foundation of the new world!
...The future of Belobog rests in my hands!
Behold, the end is upon you!
Engine... break them!
Raze to oblivion!
Listen to the power surge... sing...
The Stellaron's promise is the only hope for this world...
Just as it dispelled the Antimatter Legion 700 years ago, so too will it wipe you from the face of this world!
...You lost your final chance to leave this place.
No... It can't be...
You know nothing of the plight of this world... nothing of the wait for its final end!
I will not... let you!
I... will save everyone...!
No... No! Obey my commands! Obey me!
The power of the Stellaron is with me...
You are but cinders of the Old World soon to become ashes!
*vicious laughter* Humanity... so weak and foolish. Always overestimating their abilities.
Let me bestow upon you... despair!
Can you wait a little moment? The master diviner will be here soon.
She's temporarily taken on the general's responsibilities. Before meeting you, she must make the current situation known and fortify public spirit. This is her first real test as a general — I hope she can get used to things quickly.
The Ambrosial Arbor is dormant. Thanks to everyone's hard-fought battles, the Luofu is safe once more.
Before he left, the general told me to handle things at the Seat of Divine Foresight. Fortunately, now that victory has been achieved, the plans we prepared will never see the light of day. However...
The general did order that if he were unable to return to duty, then the master diviner would take over his duties temporarily.
Alas, I'm no healer, I'm afraid I couldn't say.
I ordered a military doctor to provide the most comprehensive emergency treatment they could. The Alchemy Commission was caught up in the Sanctus Medicus conspiracy — it took a lot of work to find someone trustworthy enough to heal the general.
Don't worry, long-life species are resilient and strong — the general will pull through. He's faced down situations a hundred times more dangerous than this.
What do we plan on doing... *sigh* Thousands of years ago, the Xianzhou Alliance was at its wit's end trying to deal with it. Today, nothing's changed.
The Arbor was resurrected. Aside from the Arbiter's Lux Arrow, I'm afraid that nothing can materially harm it. We might be able to suppress it with the help of the Vidyadhara, but with internal strife ravaging their ranks, I'm afraid it's a long shot...
Thank you for your kind offer, Mr. Yang. But something as important and fundamental as the Ambrosial Arbor will require a meeting and deliberation from the Six Charioteers.
Better to wait until the master diviner has another twenty or thirty years under her belt.
Subduing the enemy is one of the most minor parts of a general's work. They have to meet with the Luofu's Six Charioteers and undergo Ten-Lords Commission inspections — all while dealing with the Xianzhou Alliance's top brass...
None of it is easy to navigate, but it's a daily responsibility. The crown of a general sits heavy on the head indeed.
I almost forgot — I need to gather data for the master diviner's draft report. Bye for now.
The Luofu's troubles... have only just begun. I don't know if the master diviner can take all this on.
...
You came at a bad time. The General is busy with urgent work — you probably won't be able to meet with him today... but he did leave a message. Dan Heng, do you recognize the person on the steps?
...You don't remember her? I see, I suppose the memories of your previous life really were wiped clean after the rebirth.
That is Jingliu, the previous Sword Champion of the Xianzhou Luofu. She was the closest friend of Imbibitor Lunae, your previous incarnation. She was also the general's... master.
According to records of wars past, her blade has slain countless Denizens of Abundance. Not even the Feather Guards of the Wingweaver, the Father Wolf of the borisin, or the gigantic Mechabeast could withstand a single strike from her. She's a renowned legend.
However, those are ancient stories. It's a shame that even a hero like her wasn't able to break free of mara. It is said that in the end, Jingliu lost her sanity and slaughtered anyone in sight. She was deemed a criminal and fled to outer worlds.
With her powers, you'd think there would be no one capable of bringing her in. For some reason, she arrived on the Luofu with a suspect disguised as a traveling merchant and said she wanted to turn herself in...
Her surrender came with one condition — that she be allowed a day of freedom before the trial. She wanted to travel to Scalegorge Waterscape and meet with her old friends one last time... I can't believe Jing Yuan actually agreed!
Before he left, he ordered us to accompany Jingliu during her last day on the Luofu. We're hosting an honored guest, we're escorting a criminal...
Master Dan Heng, she's asking for you specifically.
While the Cloud Knights were searching for the Stellaron's whereabouts, I was carrying out the general's orders — tracking down clues on the mara-struck. Thanks to your efforts, we now have a lead.
To an outsider, this letter appears to be nothing more than good news detailing a recovery from a chronic illness. However, what is actually being discussed is a violation of the Ten Unpardonable Sins. It's heresy.
Correct. The term "Merciful Medicus" is one of respect — one that any law-abiding citizen of the Alliance would never dare utter.
It refers to none other than the enemy of the people of the Xianzhou — the one we now call the Plagues Author... The Aeon of Abundance — Yaoshi.
That's right. Since the Alliance was first established, all medical practices aboard the Xianzhou adhere to strict standards that prohibit long-life or mutant modifications under the guise of "curing."
I went through all our files to find information on the experiment in question, and found nothing. I started thinking about how the Alchemy Commission's delve was sealed off... There must be an unspeakable secret locked away there.
The author of this letter was likely the mara-struck you defeated. My guess is he was led astray and poisoned while under the pretext of being cured. You saw how he ended up...
Such actions remind me of an organization that was eradicated from the Xianzhou a thousand years ago... the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.
They were disciples of the Abundance that sought to restore the way of immortality by unearthing a forbidden remedial formula.
It's hard to believe a group that was wiped out so long ago would suddenly rear its head and create chaos once more. The Seat of Divine Foresight needs to learn all it can about this organization's status before the situation reaches a point of no return.
If you come across any similar clues about the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, come and find me at the Seat of Divine Foresight — these kinds of firsthand accounts are exactly what we require.
Don't worry, the Seat of Divine Foresight always rewards those who contribute to our efforts.
Excellent. Your work will not be in vain. The Seat of Divine Foresight always rewards those who contribute to our efforts.
I understand, but all I'm asking is for you to keep an eye out when you have time. The Seat of Divine Foresight always rewards those who contribute to our efforts.
I recently received some intel. It seems that certain individuals are taking advantage of the current chaos to lure in outworlders around Exalting Sanctum. Maybe you could start there?
We sent an undercover investigator out a few months ago — they provided us with a rough idea of the situation.
Unfortunately, it seems suspicions were aroused... We lost contact with the agent — I suspect he was discovered...
You are a fresh face on the Luofu and an outworlder. I would feel more at ease if I could leave this matter with you.
I'm glad to see you've returned in one piece.
So, what happened? Did everything go as planned?
Don't worry, your operation was a success — although your identity was ultimately exposed, you gained a wealth of invaluable intelligence. On top of that, you managed to get out without a scratch.
*sigh* ...I never imagined that Zhixin would choose the path of evil.
You've managed to shine a light on the darkness of the enemy. With this intelligence, the Seat of Divine Foresight will be able to improve its strategy...
...and for all your efforts, please accept this reward.
Is there anything else you'd like to know about?
The current state... I'm afraid we know next to nothing. We dispatched agents, but they were only able to linger on the edges of the organization. Your operation is the furthest anyone's managed to infiltrate.
The Seat of Divine Foresight is still striving to answer one question: Is this but the resurgent shadow of an organization silenced a thousand years ago... or have they been lurking in the darkness all along?
Whatever the case, this sudden re-emergence hints at a hidden conspiracy...
It's troubled me deeply over recent few months... it's hard to tell what all of this is building towards.
Not at all. The Disciples' secret letter makes it sound as if we infiltrated their ranks in great numbers... The reality is that only a handful of agents have successfully slipped into the organization...
...and the majority of them lacked the strength you had to make it back unscathed after their identity was exposed. They didn't have the wisdom and good fortune to gain the organization's trust quickly...
An agent can't actually consume those pellets of the Disciples... doing so would mean the end of their life as they knew it.
The point is, there hasn't been anyone like you who managed to delve into the group's core and obtain so much firsthand information.
Thousand-Handed Merciful Medicus' Salvation is a manuscript transcribed from a sacred text — I don't know where the Disciples obtained it. It likely consists of fragments of banned works from the Befall Era.
As I see it, there isn't anything particularly alarming about the text. It recalls the acts of the Plagues Author's warped creatures from an equally warped perspective...
The scripture doesn't have the power to lead people astray — they do that to themselves... but it does feed lies and false hope.
The prescription you acquired is... beyond my knowledge.
There are a few reliable alchemists that reside in Exalting Sanctum. I'd like to ask you to consult with them on the particulars of the prescription. This will allow the Seat of Divine Foresight to have a clear target for creating an antidote...
If you turn up any details about the prescription, feel free to come back and find me any time.
What's on your mind? Did you want to ask about something else?
Ask away, I'll tell you everything I know.
Very well, see you soon. Remember to look for those alchemists when you have time — ask them about the prescription. I can't leave my post right now.
Danger is practically an inevitability, take care and try to stay out of harm's way.
Wow, even for those alchemists, that was fast.
Dan Shu? Wait — why would the Alchemy Commission's chief alchemist be away from her post?
I've heard that the chief alchemist is visually impaired — she rarely leaves the Alchemy Commission delve. She has a vast knowledge and expertise — no wonder she was able to analyze the pharmacology so quickly.
Let me see her report...
No cure? Tsk, where did these villains get their hands on such a complex prescription? This is infuriating...
Those were rewards from the Seat of Divine Foresight — these are gifts from me, personally. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
Please, take them. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
Please, take them. You've done so much for the Luofu... for the Xianzhou. This is the least I could do.
(A strange prescription and a sudden loss of communication with the Alchemy Commission delve... It seems there's more going on than meets the eye.)
Thank the stars, you're finally awake. I thought we might lose you, I was so worried.
You came into the Seat of Divine Foresight and started brandishing your weapon.
It looked like you'd lost control, as if you'd been stricken with mara...
There has to be something awry. Tell me what happened to you before arriving at the Seat of Divine Foresight.
From what you're saying, it seems like the gift she gave to you must be related to the Disciples' prescription we examined earlier...
...but the healer who examined you just now said your body doesn't seem to have been affected... how strange.
Could Dan Shu be playing a trick on you? Or is her medicine somehow not working as planned? My advice is to come back later for another examination... It's a Disciples of Sanctus Medicus prescription after all — who knows what "healing" effects it may have.
I'll put out a wanted notice for Dan Shu immediately. If you find any trace of her, get in touch with me.
Take this Diting with you, it might just help you find this... "friend."
I understand how you feel... I've also been fooled by someone I regarded as a good friend. It's a dreadful experience.
If we can find Dan Shu, we might be able to confront her and get some answers.
I understand... You say you have suspicions about this pellet she gave you?
How about this, leave this Brumedew Concentrate Pellet with me, and I'll find someone to run a few tests on it.
I need to find a trustworthy alchemist, so you'll need to wait here a while. It isn't easy to find trustworthy people like yourself in these perilous times.
I understand, try not to be too upset.
I had a suspicion that there might be a spy in the Alchemy Commission, but I never expected it to be someone so high up in the organization...
I'll put out a wanted notice for Dan Shu immediately. If you find any trace of her, get in touch with me.
Take this Diting with you, it might just help you find this... "friend."
I had a suspicion that there might be a spy in the Alchemy Commission, but I never expected it to be someone so high up in the organization...
I understand how you feel... I've also been fooled by someone I regarded as a good friend. It's a dreadful experience.
You're prudent, and that's a good trait to have. Just try not to let your emotions cloud your judgment.
How did it go? Did you manage to locate Dan Shu?
So you weren't able to apprehend her... I see. These people have been in hiding for so long — they must have a more nefarious plan. I've got to apprehend them quickly.
Once again, thank you for all your help. With your intel, we will put a stop to Dan Shu.
Take this as a token of my appreciation. You deserve it.
These people have been in hiding for so long — they must have a more nefarious plan. I've got to apprehend them quickly.
Jing Yuan tells me you'll be joining the forces led by the Alchemy Commission and master diviner — I won't take up any more of your time. Please take good care of yourself.
If you run into Dan Shu again — contact the nearest Cloud Knights.
You know full well about my situation, Lady Bailu. If there are people from the Ten-Lords Commission present in the plaza, then—
Ah! The T—Ten-Lords Commission!?
...You're not a Ten-Lords spiritfarer — why are you trying to frighten people!?
Wh—Who are you!?
...You're not a Ten-Lords spiritfarer — why are you trying to frighten people!?
Please, leave us.
I'm taking care of Lady Bailu. You don't need to worry.
Tell the Realm-Keeping Commission that Lady Bailu is in the Alchemy Commission's care... and not to meddle in other people's affairs.
...Said no trustworthy person ever.
Lady Bailu, this way.
...
...How is that possible?
This letter...!
Lady Bailu! You promised you wouldn't tell anyone about that!
...I'm sorry, Lady Bailu.
I am a member of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, and that doctor from the Alchemy Commission was sent to catch me.
But I... I never meant to harm Lady Bailu! On the contrary, by taking her away from that place, I was protecting her.
I made a deal with Lady Bailu before we escaped — we have an urgent task to complete. Please, don't take her away!
I'm sorry I wasn't honest with Lady Bailu, but I had no other choice...
I asked her to save my beloved. In return, I helped her escape from the Alchemy Commission...
I broke many of the Vidyadhara's laws, and the Alchemy Commission is bound to punish me, but I just can't let my beloved die...
I don't have much time left, but go ahead...
I thought we'd be fine after we escaped... I didn't know those people would come after us.
I just couldn't find a way to tell her I was a disciple... and about all the things I experienced there...
His name is Liangmu. He's a short-life species that requested an elixir.
I used to think that the suffering of short-life species was nothing. But my heart... my heart ached when I saw him in such pain.
It's something I never expected to experience in my lifetime — falling in love with a short-life species... such a bittersweet feeling.
That's when I thought of Lady Bailu — the Dragon Lady that can heal mortals through tears alone. But it would take 30 years for her to treat all those in need.
I had no choice but to come up with this plan. Please forgive me...
I'm already showing symptoms of the mara-struck...
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus regard the mara-struck as saints — they take all kinds of strange medicines to speed up the process... I was no exception.
But since I met Liangmu, I've realized that these "saints" are horrible creatures. Even if I were to become immortal, to not recognize him, to forget him or become something that he doesn't recognize...
That's why I stopped taking the medicines and escaped. Thanks to the Dragon Lady, I made it here safely.
Lady Bailu...
I can't let the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus or the Ten-Lords Commission find us. We need to find a way to get to Cloudford without drawing their attention.
Just cut to the chase. Can we take the ship or not?
...I don't have long. We'll wait for a while... just a short while.
Liangmu... I must see him!
Thanks, Lady Bailu... but we can't delay any longer.
I told Liangmu to hide in a Cloudford shipping container.— I couldn't let the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus find him.
Because I promised Liangmu I'd bring him an elixir of immortality... to make him one of the people of the Xianzhou, like me.
Yes... but I knew nothing about the treachery of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus back then. I only knew that people in the Alchemy Commission were involved in ancient, clandestine medicines.
But I was wrong. It wasn't a blessing of immortality, not even a poor imitation...
Short-life species are expendable to those maniacs — they use them in experiments to develop their medicines.
I don't have much time left, and I only have one solution left...
That's right.
...Hehe, that's right.
Lady Bailu, you still remember our deal, right?
Thank you, Lady Bailu. The place we arranged to meet up is ahead. Let's go.
I can't... I can't forget him... I must get there.
How can that be? Where is he? We agreed to meet here...
M—My head... How can that be?
B—But he's not here. We still need to find him...
...!
He's much more interesting than a long-life species...
There was a day when all the other patients were lying in bed, but I found him painting a forest. I told him he was supposed to be resting.
He said, "I want to see the vast forests of Vonwacq one day... and to make a dream a reality, you must paint an invisible future. I must get well by any means, even if it means jail or exile."
I never had anything I wanted to do. I just got on with my nursing work, day in and day out.
Sometimes I'd feel like a century was a pointless, trivial blink of an eye... and that it wouldn't matter if it was all over by the next blink.
I wasn't interested in anything that had happened to me up to then — the things I'd experienced. None of it mattered...
...but the moment I heard Liangmu's words, I suddenly felt sad. A person shouldn't feel that way about their life... They shouldn't be indifferent to the time they own.
Liangmu... he opened my eyes. He was like a shining star.
My lady... why do you always run away from the Alchemy Commission? Don't you like treating people?
Argh... I think... I can understand you...
*coughing* ...The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus already had their eye on this place?
*sigh* I just hope he's okay. Let's... keep walking...
No, I know exactly how bad my condition is. That's why I've changed my mind... I want to see him one last time.
You'll help me, right?
...Thank you, I'm glad to hear you say that.
I'm a traitor to them... They won't stand idly by if they lay eyes on me.
If you can't fend them off... Just let me go with them...
Lady Bailu... I can't go on anymore.
Lady Bailu, watch out!
...
(Shh, if she notices my symptoms, she won't hesitate.)
Ha... phew... I made it this far... I won't go back without seeing him one last time.
...We don't have time for them.
*groaning*
He's right behind that door... We're almost there.
...Let's do what Lady Bailu suggested.
*coughing*... There's no time to lose. Let's go.
Where are you going? We need to get through that sentry post pronto!
...S—Surely you know the Healer Lady of Alchemy Commission?
...Affirmative.
*coughing* Is the nearest harbor up ahead?
Don't worry! I have the Dragon Lady with me.
Thank you.
*coughing* Why can't I... take off... my helmet...?
Why is my voice... like this...?
Can you help me check...? It feels like something's caught...
...Has the mara taken hold? That was quite... sudden.
But I still remember him... and I remember both of you...
Lady Bailu, is this a result of your healing? Thank you. If it weren't for you...
You can't cure someone stricken with mara. It's already a miracle that I still have my senses... that I can talk to you.
...Let's go while I still have my senses.
...Wait, I feel a bit dizzy.
...I just need a rest. Lady Bailu, don't forget our deal...
I'm so sorry... it's because of me that all of you are in danger.
...Thank you, Lady Bailu... but I can't feel the gap between my skin and the helmet anymore.
...He's cautious by nature. Do you remember his note? He told me to "come alone."
...He won't show himself if you're here... *coughing* I'll call out to him. Please, you two, find somewhere to hide. Remember our promise...
Liangmu...!
Liang... mu...
I... can't hold on any longer...
Do it... don't forget... the promise!
See? I wasn't lying! Misha really is in trouble!
Eh, can you see me too?
My name is Clockie. I'm a famous celebrity in Penacony! My friends and I keep the peace in this small town. They are Hanu, Mr. Soda, Origami Bird, Hamster Ball Knight...
...And Misha! Misha is in trouble! Tick-tock! Help! Help!
Tick-tock, I'm really here! As the humble face of Penacony, I never ever brag!
Tick-tock! I guess I'm only visible to those with the innocence, kindness, and honesty of a child, like this kid here clad in gray!
Tick-tock, tick-tock! My gray friend, since you can see, then you must be able to help me!
My friend, Misha, is in trouble! I'm begging you to help him before it's too late!
Tick-tock, tick-tock! Hurry up and follow me, gray friend!
Misha's in trouble! He's over there. Let me bring you to him!
Tick-tock! I'm begging you, my gray friend, begging you! Please help Misha!
Tick-tock, tick-tock! It's all {RUBY_B#Boss}Stone{RUBY_E#}'s fault that things have turned out this way!
Of all the lowlifes in Dreamville, {RUBY_B#Boss}Stone{RUBY_E#}'s the worst. He's a greedy man who wants to drive everyone out of Dreamville so that he can have all the precious stones to himself...
He instructed his underlings to wreak havoc in the Dreamscape, taking away everyone's positive emotions! Since then, the town has been filled with anxiety and disputes! We're no longer a family!
As the guardian of Dreamville, I can't just sit back and do nothing. By using the power of Clockwork, I can direct the flow of positive emotions in the Dreamscape back into people's hearts — that way everyone can patch up their differences and get along again!
My gray friend, I require your assistance! I have a feeling you'll be able to master the power of Clockwork! After all, you're the special one who can see me!
Also, you're a new visitor to this world, which means we have the element of surprise! If you take action now, we can catch him off guard!
Here, I'll show you! First, close your eyes...
It'll be fine. I'm just demonstrating how it works! Please close your eyes...
I can't pull it off on my own, because they can't see me! So, please close your eyes...
Tick-tock! Now, our minds have merged into one. Can you feel an energy surging through your body?
All we have to do is use Clockwork on that cranky gangster boss and inject good emotions into him — then we'll have won!
Please bear in mind that you should never use Clockwork with malicious intent. We're the guardians of Dreamville, after all, tick-tock!
Eh, can't you see where this is going? What should we do now...
You did it! But how did he end up like this?
Here comes the Clockwork!
It... must have been? It's rather out of character for him to start cracking up like that all of a sudden.
It's just that... seeing that gleeful smile on his face... he's just as scary as he was before.
Wow! Seems like you've established yourself as an important figure around here. In that case, can you ask them to leave now?
Hey, he seems normal now. That's wonderful! You did it!
Great! It means you've mastered the art of Clockwork!
It... must have been? Otherwise, why would he suddenly be all calm and composed like this?
Oh, my gray friend! You have to tell him that {RUBY_B#Boss}Stone{RUBY_E#} is behind this!
Wow, they look really sincere. In that case, can you ask them to leave now?
Oh, goodness! Did you make him cry?
Great! It means you've mastered the art of Clockwork!
It... must have been? Otherwise, why would he be in tears all of a sudden?
Oh, he's crying so hard. Even I, the guardian of the Dreamville, am nearly moved to tears.
Woah, things are turning into a mess. But then again, maybe now is a good chance to ask them to leave?
Misha, are you acquainted with this gray friend of mine?
That's right! It was me, Clockie!
Of course, you played a big part too. Without you doing the Clockwork, Dreamville would've been in some real trouble!
What're you talking about? It wasn't talk therapy! It was Clockwork!
What're you talking about? It wasn't the baseball bat! It was Clockwork!
I'll let you get back to your beeswax. Thanks, my gray friend!
May our paths cross again, tick-tock!
Come on! Chop-chop! Move as fast as the Hamster Ball Knight!
Tick-tock! He's there! He's there! See, Clockie does not tell lies!
Brother Hanu! Where... are you going?
Tick-tock! Old friend and new friend, let's high-five!
Tick-tock, it's time for me to make an appearance!
In Dreamville, Clockie is everywhere and can do anything! Like... right now, I can be your translator, tick-tock!
Hanu says: "Battle, we must do battle!"
"The enemy is at our doorstep, and we have no path of retreat. For the future of Dreamville..."
"...Touch that suspicious-looking TV right now!"
Tick-tock, it's time for me to make an appearance!
In Dreamville, Clockie is everywhere and can do anything! Like... right now, I could solve this problem with your Big Ticker pal, tick-tock!
You see, we're all clocks, we're family! I want to help you be happy! Tell your pal Clockie what's troubling you!
Oh dear, seeing it like this is utterly heart-wrenching. But fear not! We're here to help it rediscover the missing parts of its inner self and guide it out of despair!
Don't worry, miss. I've already pinpointed its missing parts!
Over here, my friends! Better be fast like Hamster Ball Knight!
This must be one of the missing parts that Big Ticker needs. That's great!
Tick-tock! Do I hear someone calling out for help?
Tick-tock! Hey there my gray-haired friend, we still haven't helped Big Ticker find closure yet!
No problem at all! As the guardian of Dreamville, it's what I'm here for! Tick-tock!
We're here! There's a missing part on the opposite side... But how do we get over there?
Oh dear, it's an origami bird! What's it doing in Beyond Overcooked's tail?
A roasted bird! This is horrible — let's save it, quickly!
Thank goodness you're ok! But why did you burrow yourself into that fella's tail?
Oh dear... What's going on in here? Your inner self is a mess!
Hmph, no! This is unacceptable. You have to face your fears!
Since it's come down to this, I'll have to use Clockwork...
Ta-dah, success!
We're back! As long as you have these, you'll be able to find closure, tick-tock!
It's working, tick-tock! Next, we just need to enter its Emoscape, help connect its pathways, and we're done!
Looks like everyone on the Astral Express has a childlike spirit!
We've arrived at Dreamflux Reef. So, where to next?
Oh, so we'll set out again when you're rested?
This is where it ends? What do you mean, Misha?
You told me that the Trailblazing expedition would never end.
My next destination? What's that supposed to be? I've been following you...
Misha? You're acting weird today! If you're feeling down, we can just do what we usually do... with the clockwork!
Hmm? I'm not quite sure.
Misha! Where are you going?
Write it down... Why?
Of course! You told me that when you were a kid, you lived in a room full of clocks. Those wall clocks and pocket watches grew up with you and were your best friends!
Yeah, every night we boarded the Compass and set sail together!
Misha! You've finally come!
Exactly, Misha! And then we followed that whistle, didn't we?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the Realm-Keeping Commission is out in full strength — what about the Alchemy Commission? Why are there so few of you here?
Hey, missy, does this look like a classroom to you? Concentrate on treating the patients!
It was only thanks to your help earlier that the dragon lady and those Exalting Sanctum residents got away unscathed.
The dragon lady of the Alchemy Commission — Lady Bailu.
You don't remember? You dealt with those mara-struck knights in the nick of time — I saw it all.
A friend in the Sky-Faring Commission told me the general commissioned guests to deal with the troubles on the Luofu. You must be the guests.
If you don't mind, I hope you can take the time to come to the Realm-Keeping Commission. I'd like to talk to you about the issues Exalting Sanctum is currently facing.
This isn't a good place to talk — too much activity. If you don't mind, I hope you can come to the Realm-Keeping Commission.
You rescued her from the mara-struck... I'd say she's forever in your debt.
If you go see her, I'm sure she won't run away.
If I had more people, I wouldn't have to ask for external help. But as things stand...
Hah, that was fast! Thanks for your help.
Here's the situation: Lady Bailu, the Vidyadhara Dragon Lady, has escaped from the Alchemy Commission again. I say "again" because the Realm-Keeping Commission has seen more than a few of her bad-tempered escapes.
This must be your first time on the Xianzhou... It's a long story. The Vidyadhara is one of the three races that established the Xianzhou Alliance.
Their bloodline is different from us Xianzhou natives. The Vidyadhara are born with great vitality, the gift of the Permanence, as they say.
That's all you need to know. The rest is irrelevant to what's happening today.
A Dragon Lady... isn't an official position. People address her that way out of love.
The Vidyadhara "high elder," on the other hand, is a position similar to a chief — it's been passed down from generation to generation. But only the Vidyadhara that possess draconic features and inherit the dragon heart can be successors.
And Miss Bailu is the Vidyadhara's future high elder on the Luofu.
The rumor has always been that she can heal the wounded merely by touching them and shedding tears. She also studied medicine in the Alchemy Commission. That's why her other title is "Healer Lady."
Not imprisoned exactly... Vidyadhara customs are somewhat different from Xianzhou native customs. Miss Bailu has incredible talents and is next in line to rule over the Vidyadhara — it's normal that her people would want to keep a close eye on her.
However, she also has a somewhat free spirit... She always manages to find a way to escape her residence.
It used to be the duty of the Realm-Keeping Commission to go after her and take her back to the Alchemy Commission.
But, this time is different. Because of the Stellaron crisis, we're constantly short of manpower. Besides, even if we catch the Dragon Lady, we can't take her back anytime soon.
I don't know if you heard — someone locked down the delves connected to the Alchemy Commission.
Now nobody can get in or out — it's completely cut off. Something very fishy is going on.
That's what I want to know. I guess she sneaked out before the delves were locked down. She might even know what happened in the Alchemy Commission...
Those doctors came from apothecaries in other delves. I've asked them, and they don't have the slightest clue what's going on.
I'd like you to help with two things. First, find the Dragon Lady and take care of her until the Alchemy Commission delves are reopened. Don't lose sight of her.
The second thing might be a bit hard to understand... I want you to stop her from treating the mara-struck.
Like I said — we don't have enough people! The Dragon Lady is smart. If we try to keep her in the Realm-Keeping Commission Chancery, she'll sneak out the first chance she gets. Trust me, it's happened before...
Besides, it isn't a crime for her to run away from her residence. And even if it were, given her status, we couldn't exactly stick her in jail and throw away the key! You're the only person we can turn to.
Being stricken with mara isn't like catching a curable disease. All the Healer Lady can do is slow the process.
Take you short-life species as an example. Do you consider aging a disease?
Aging can be slowed, but it's still unavoidable — just like being stricken with mara for the people of the Xianzhou... Unfortunately, becoming mara-struck is more terrifying than death. It's an inevitable curse in the blood of Xianzhou natives.
The Xianzhou has long had other methods. When mara is about to strike, the spiritfarers and judges of the Ten-Lords Commission promptly take the afflicted away. It's not something the Alchemy Commission should be meddling in.
Mara is scary, but it won't cause any harm if you have it under control. We have the Realm-Keeping Commission and Cloud Knights here in Exalting Sanctum — more than enough to handle any eventuality.
However, the Dragon Lady's mara-suppression could lead to mara-struck falling under the Ten-Lords Commission's radar. If we let her carry on, we'll have mara-struck on every street corner — people will panic!
Seeing as we're already dealing with one crisis, we need to be extra vigilant when dealing with the mara-struck. This is not something that can be taken lightly.
You're the distinguished guest of General Jing Yuan and Diviner Fu Xuan. As such, you also have the full trust of the Realm-Keeping Commission.
Oh, one more thing... There's a lot of suspicion surrounding the Alchemy Commission these days. If you discover someone from the commission on the hunt for the Dragon Lady, watch your step.
Great!
There's no other way. The Realm-Keeping Commission will pay you handsomely for your help.
Bah, don't fret. Looking after children is a pain, but as the general's distinguished guest, I know you'll do great.
Oh, so you are. And these would be... Miss March 7th and Mr. Yang, I presume?
Miss March, Mr. Yang, I've been looking forward to meeting you. Make yourselves comfortable. One moment, please... Jingyan! Get me the photos!
We'd like you to take a look — do you recognize any of them as a threat?
Which one? Let me see...
Oh, him? I remember him. He's a traveling merchant. He trades throughout the universe, knows a thing or two about remedial arts too. He registered himself on the Xianzhou as... what was it again...
That's right, Luocha. He came to the Xianzhou with a huge box this time — some sort of funerary contraption. It had a funny name... something to do with coughing? It was pretty conspicuous — I had to ask him about it.
Hmph, I swear he said "coughing"... Anyway, we checked him out — his record on the Xianzhou is squeaky-clean. As for this "caffeine" thing...
Yeah, yeah. Either way, it definitely had something to do with funerals. There are lots of travelers on the Luofu, each with their own star system and death rites — I guess that must be Luocha's line of work... Is there something up with him?
Hmm... that's complicated. Come with me to the Foursquare Mirror — it'll be easier to explain.
Exalting Sanctum is one of the Luofu's crucial central cities — the higher-ups are very concerned about security issues here. That's why there are so many cycranes stationed in the area.
Luocha arrived on the Luofu a few days prior to the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection. Up until the day before the resurrection, there was nothing suspicious about his behavior...
Hahahaha, you lot are enthusiastic, I'll give you that. The reason I mention the day before the resurrection is because... we have no idea what he did that day.
The resurrection brought about unusual yinyang phenomena that caused the entire cycrane system to malfunction. The image data from the day of the incident is beyond restoration, and data from the day before was badly affected.
We will, in due course. But we can't be too general — specific questions are key. Not to mention, without a clear suspicion, it would involve multiple interrogations...
So... if you feel this Luocha is suspicious in some way, make it known. Then I can arrange for his detention and interrogation.
That's alright — instinct is an important part of any Realm-Keeping Commission investigation. There are times when my gut tells me something's not right, and there's usually a reason for it. I'm with you on this one.
Be that as it may, as an official, I can't go bringing someone in based on a villainous appearance...
Precise— No! What are you talking about... Anyway, if you do want to investigate, I can grant you access to the Foursquare Mirror... Jingyan, you'll be assisting our esteemed guests in their investigation.
Bah, not at all... Make sure you don't leave the Commission — just help them check the cycrane footage.
Keep me updated on progress — if you find hard evidence, I'll be there in a flash. One thing though — don't approach him. If you make a discovery, contact me first.
*sigh* Jingyan, over to you. I need to get going.
My Realm-Keeping Commission colleagues failed to provide adequate care for the Dragon Lady. I'd like to thank you on behalf of all of them for rescuing her back in Exalting Sanctum Plaza.
As I'm sure you're aware, symptoms of mara have been spreading ever since the Stellaron incident occurred.
Thanks to the Ten-Lords Commission, being stricken with mara had long since become a terrifying but avoidable fate for Xianzhou natives... The puzzling thing is that despite the Commission's protection, we're now seeing an increase.
More and more citizens — in particular those dealing with great risks and stress like the Cloud Knights — are becoming stricken with mara.
Moreover, the mara-struck have taken on a horrifying appearance — as if they're turning into some sort of monster... This certainly differs from what I thought I knew about the illness.
We wouldn't have the audacity to trouble you with that — the general has a plan to suppress the illness.
That appears to be the case — no smoke without fire, as they say... Despite being just a servant of the Realm-Keeping Commission, spending a considerable amount of time on the front lines has sharpened my senses to potential dangers...
You're a capable person, and since the general entrusted you with locating the Stellaron, it's only a matter of time before you run into mara-struck...
If you come across any clues, remember to inform the Realm-Keeping Commission straight away. My colleagues and I will handle any situation with haste and to the best of our ability.
Speaking of which, have you made any discoveries so far?
Uh... What's this? Looks pretty ordinary to me.
I... I read the letter...
I'll be honest with you, I've got no idea how to handle this problem — it's beyond the Realm-Keeping Commission's jurisdiction. I contacted the Seat of Divine Foresight, which is overseen by the general.
...Allow me to introduce Madam Qingzu, General Jing Yuan's chief counselor.
I think it'll be easier if she explains the letter to you.
*sigh* Such a serious matter — I'm sorry I can't be of much help to you. The assistance is appreciated — stay safe.
My name's Xiaohan. I'm originally from Aurum Alley, but this is my first visit in a long time. When I was away, I'd stay up at night reminiscing about the flavors and aromas of this place.
Are you feeling adventurous or cautious?
Then I recommend trying a bowl of steamed puffergoat milk. It has a mild, sweet flavor and a smooth texture. People say they feel lighter after drinking it! Of course, it's no substitute for a balanced diet.
If you're really feeling adventurous, you could try some mung bean soda.
I'd describe the taste as... unique. And a little sour.
It's best to drink it in big gulps, and let it fizzle in your stomach. That's a great feeling.
The Xianzhou gets plenty of visitors, so it's only natural that we should venture out and see what other worlds are like.
I spent 100 years away from home, and I have to say... Aurum Alley has seen better days. It's looking kind of run-down. The only thing that hasn't changed is the mung bean soda.
Haha, maybe I'm just nostalgic.
That it was. Many years ago, Aurum Alley was the most popular night market on the Luofu.
I had a good career going out on the other worlds, but I always missed the Alley. In the end, I decided to come back.
...Now I'm keen to do my part and make this place a little better.
Wait — please wait a moment.
It sounded like my father was being a little difficult... I'm Xiaohan — people around here call me Little Master.
If I'm not mistaken, you're the ones who made Representative Skott apologize in public?
You stood up for Aurum Alley with reason and integrity — I'm thankful to you.
Oh, hehe, I didn't give myself that name — it's what my friends have always called me. I only recently returned to the Xianzhou after many years away, but it seems like the name stuck!
May I ask why you wanted to speak with my father?
Hadn't my father already refused?
I see... I'll help you figure something out.
The older generation of craftsmen can be rather set in their ways... Here, how about this — why not join my father's shop as apprentices?
My father is stern on the surface, but if he sees a capable apprentice and a sincere heart, he'll change his attitude.
Well, it's better to beg forgiveness than ask permission. Let's just start you out and see what he says.
A sincere heart always has the power to impress people.
I truly want to help you — and you'll receive compensation for your work.
So it's decided? Let's get moving then. Time to make you apprentices.
Father, my friends from the Merchant Guild want to be your apprentices. I'll go ahead and show them the ropes.
I can cover their salaries! Come on, it'd be rude to turn them away.
If that's what you're worried about, just give 'em a little training.
*sigh* He's hard to impress. I'll find you some more work.
Just a reminder, Father — fair work for fair pay.
Don't just stand there, Father! Go teach your apprentice a thing or two.
They made a lot of good points when arguing with the IPC at the dock. I do see possibilities for the guild to change.
The president likes to quote past experiences and data. We can do that, too.
Since Artistry Hardware partnered with the dock, its scope of operations has expanded, and its revenue and customer satisfaction have both increased.
As a result, we're seeing an uptick in customers visiting the shop — contrary to the president's assumptions.
The data suggests that the success of the old Aurum Alley was largely due to the economic circumstances of the past.
At its peak, the old Aurum Alley had a trading volume similar to what the Alley has today.
What if... the IPC isn't an enemy?
Of course not. We'll win the operating rights to Aurum Alley fair and square.
He's been transferred elsewhere. I will be handling things from now on.
My original plan only involved helping you overthrow the current president... but as we progressed, I saw there was more common ground than I'd anticipated.
Since we all agree that the dock is vital to Aurum Alley's development, why not take things further and turn the Alley into a full-blown logistics hub?
Imagine cargo ships from all corners of the galaxy docking and departing. This place will be transformed into a renowned commercial port, instead of another run-of-the-mill market.
When the IPC wins the bidding, I'm sure we can continue to work together for a brand-new Aurum Alley.
...Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself. In that case, keep up the good work. I'll see you at the negotiation table.
Members of Aurum Alley Merchant Guild, I hope you're all keeping well.
No need to be quite so aggressive...
By utilizing the dock, the guild managed to repay outstanding rents and also raised sufficient funding to stand at the bidding. That just goes to show how vital the dock is.
But you don't deny that the dock was vital to your operations, correct? Your partnership with the shop owners and the increase in cargo handling capacity — none of it would have been possible without the dock.
Haha, I think you understand my point.
The IPC seeks to unleash the full potential of the dock, taking full advantage of its role as a logistics center — thus transforming Aurum Alley into one of the most advanced commercial ports in the galaxy.
To address this, most of the shops will need to be relocated.
The IPC will redesign the layout of the whole area to make sure ships can move in and out smoothly. We expect at least the same trading volume as Cloudford.
Rest assured, all the shops that need relocating will receive generous compensation from the IPC. The package we've prepared will make everyone happy.
And that, honorable ladies and gentlemen, is the rejuvenation that everyone has been hoping for.
...I was using a figure of speech — but our vision of "rejuvenation" will benefit the majority.
...Father has never been the shrewdest when it comes to business matters. I'm afraid his opinions don't constitute the most valuable insights.
In agreeing with your approach, those shops may risk missing the bigger picture... and opportunities for future growth.
...
"Best night market on the Luofu"? With the IPC's funding pouring in, hundreds of commercial centers will sprout. Why would people come to Aurum Alley when they have so many other options? Nobody cares about that title anymore.
What makes you so determined to hold onto this idea of a "food street"? Why can't the revival of the Alley take on other forms?
...
Aurum Alley needs to adapt and reimagine itself. The future that the IPC offers will ensure its name is known in the most remote corners of the galaxy.
A brand so fancy that everyone will remember it.
Wouldn't it be better for the Alley to take on a new life and stay known forever? If it remains a market, I can assure you it will die quietly over the course of the next two centuries.
...
You can't just present something irrelevant and expect me to respond.
I can't say what this has to do with our discussions. Please remove it.
I admit that the guild has made a fortune from the dock, but the IPC can offer much more.
You should retract this — I wouldn't want to embarrass the guild.
Members of Aurum Alley Merchant Guild, I hope you're all keeping well.
By utilizing the dock, the guild managed to repay outstanding rents and also raised sufficient funding to stand at the bidding. That just goes to show how vital the dock is.
The IPC seeks to unleash the full potential of the dock, taking full advantage of its role as a logistics center — thus transforming Aurum Alley into one of the most advanced commercial ports in the galaxy.
And that, honorable ladies and gentlemen, is the rejuvenation that everyone has been hoping for.
"Best night market on the Luofu"? With the IPC's funding pouring in, hundreds of commercial centers will sprout. Why would people come to Aurum Alley when they have so many other options? Nobody cares about that title anymore.
Aurum Alley needs to adapt and reimagine itself. The future that the IPC offers will ensure its name is known in the most remote corners of the galaxy.
Leave the Matrix of Prescience and return to reality. The past is not worth exploring — it will only hurt you.
*sigh* You leave me no choice but to resort to unconventional means.
There it is — your origin. Your life unfolds from this point on, full of unique experiences and adventure.
What happened prior is meaningless to you. The value of your life does not lie in what happened in the past, but in the present — and the future.
The eagle returns from an unsuccessful hunt, the sailor avoids the course they know to be dangerous.
And you, my child, should come to learn that the past is just an illusion...
...but your experiences now will be remembered forever.
It is time to say goodbye... Here — a parting gift for you. I look forward to our next encounter.
She is busy running the Matrix of Prescience Ultima.
*sigh* Please trust the Garden of Recollection. Everything I'm doing is for your protection.
We know...
I'll show you the origin that you seek.
I hope that you will refrain from exploring any further than this. Trust me when I say: Nothing good can come of it.
If you are truly set on learning about your past... then come with me.
I'm a messenger from the Garden of Recollection. I will be staying on the Express from now on. It's very nice to meet you!
Thank you! You're a friendly one! However, I should still explain—
Erm, that's why I'm here. Let me explain—
Let me explain—
Garden of Recollection is an organization that worships the Aeon Fuli. As a messenger for the Remembrance, we surrendered our worldly bodies and traverse the universe in the form of memes to search the stars on behalf of Fuli for the most precious memories.
Seeing that I'm able to be here, you must have already come to understand the concept of Remembrance and the Garden of Recollection. The memories that you possess have activated a pathway for the Garden of Recollection to make copies and implant me into your thoughts...
We can actually just follow you without being noticed. However, the Garden of Recollection believes that you're special: The memories that you possess are extremely rare and precious, and it's very likely there'll be even more in the future...
That's why I thought it'd be best if I introduced myself to you! I noticed that you've also received the concept of Memosnatchers... The Garden of Recollection wouldn't want you to mistake us for thieves or crooks! Everything we do is for a higher purpose.
I believe we've become acquainted now.
Some keywords and hints to your question: Herta and Light Cone — when you came in contact with them, the concept of Remembrance, Garden of Recollection, and Memosnatcher were implanted in you.
Madam Herta has a slight prejudice against us, so the Garden of Recollection believes that it'll be best if I provide you with a proper understanding of these concepts.
We want to prevent the universe from being forgotten because of the Destruction.
Even if all matter is annihilated, it can continue to live on in the form of memories.
There's a big difference, of course. I don't have a material body, so it doesn't count as smuggling.
Yup, just imagine me as someone from the posters. It would be strange if you were to scold someone from the cartoons for smuggling, right?
Why would I want to steal a material body? I gave up my own willingly!
But don't worry, we won't take it from you. We just want to make a copy of the precious moments. You can see it as a trade between us...
This is the Forgotten Hall created specially to store your memories. We hope that you can visit this place regularly to rekindle your lost memories. The Garden of Recollection will extract the memories they want and give you something in return — in the form of matter and Light Cones.
Come, I swear on the memories of my past self that you won't be at a loss for anything.
What is it? Are you not feeling well?
That's how it is the first time.
Ah, that's good. I was afraid you'd be angry.
A strong stimulus will lower your guard against your subconscious. Only then will we be able to copy your memories.
From now on, all you have to do is enter the Forgotten Hall periodically, and we'll give you an abundant amount of rewards.
Erm, about me being on the Astral Express... It'd be best if you kept it between the two of us. I won't reveal myself to your companions, so make sure you don't tell them about me, okay?
If that's the case, the Garden of Recollection will have to block out their memories... I really don't have a choice, please don't make me do that!
Erm, you can say that it's just a Phase Flame or an Inquisition Spirit. They often suddenly appear and then vanish. You should be able to get past them with that...
Alrighty then, just step close to the mirror if you ever want to find me.
Hmph...
I asked you so candidly yet you still told them.
Hmph, then I'll have to seal this portion of their memories — I'm sorry, but I don't have a choice.
You and only you can know about me. If a keyword related to me shows up in their memories, then we'll have no choice but to get rid of it... Why don't you trust me? I won't hurt them.
*sigh* We have our rules at the Garden of Recollection.
Do you want to enter the Forgotten Hall?
Sure, ask away.
I'll try to answer to the best of my abilities!
I can give you the memories related to the Aeon, Fuli...
That's all I have. I don't have the honor of keeping the experience of seeing the Aeon, Fuli with my own eyes.
Huh? I thought I already told you about that. You really are forgetful.
Do you remember now?
"The disappearance of those with form will inevitably bring about the obliteration of those without."
Look at the galaxy. After the incident with the Antimatter Legion, civilizations are like dying embers in the wind. Many worlds wither and crumble even without Nanook's influence. It is unacceptable to allow the memories of civilizations to simply vanish.
That is why Garden of Recollection has decided to collect and safe keep their memories. Once the crisis ends, the fragments of these memories will shape a blueprint of rebirth for everything that has disappeared.
Me?
It's more relaxing, and freer.
I don't have to worry about the cold, heat, pain, hunger, flesh wounds, or solar storms — I'm not human anymore.
Without a material body, I don't have adrenaline, oxytocin, dopamine, or anything that causes different emotions in people. This allows me to judge human thought and desire with an even more neutral position. You can say that I'm another step closer to having free will.
Of course, there is a price for the convenience — the price is that I rely on the memories of others to move around. Erm... And would you consider this kind of existence to be free?
Yes. I'm only able to move around due to the memories of others. Every time I appear, move, or disappear, it means I'm reading someone's memories.
But you don't have to worry about me peeping, stealing, or controlling your memories. Memokeepers have undergone rigorous training. Anything we do that goes against the rules will result in the immediate termination of our existence.
Although some Memosnatchers can bypass the restrictions... Um, I'm not one of them!
Are you curious about what I look like under this mask? Hmph... Then bring me enough memories to exchange for it!
Mhm, go ahead.
Are you... testing me?
No, that's forbidden. I'm a rule-abiding Memokeeper. I refuse!
You're a receptacle for a {RUBY_B#Cancer of All Worlds}Stellaron{RUBY_E#}! You're able to survive and even wield its power...
The Garden of Recollection is very interested in what kind of a past, future, and influence on the universe someone like this will have.
I'm sorry, but I've restricted others from having memories of me.
Everyone has a unique memory of themselves and everything around them. In order to keep that uniqueness and pureness unspoiled, let's keep our dealings a secret.
Calm down, calm down! We're all here to work for a living. Why not sit down and talk it out?
...
Yes, I told Antonia about the vein... but I was the first one to discover it. I have the right to do anything with it.
Back off! I was thinking about the bigger picture when I did that, unlike you all who just look for trouble every day!
*coughing* ...Just a few scratches. How about you, Hook?
Ah, I remember... You are the outsiders Natasha mentioned before, right? I heard that you helped resolve some conflicts around the mines when you arrived. And again today, when you saved my life...
The conflicts between the vagrants and the mining team have lasted for quite a long time... Even if you have just temporarily mitigated our rather tense relationship, it is greatly appreciated.
B—But... the vein detector that rapscallion was after— somebody already stole it from me. I need to keep searching, otherwise I might never see it again...
...*sigh*
It's just a tool, I guess I should let it go. Let's head to the clinic.
What a noble young spirit you have! Thank you very much!
Haha, whatever your motivation was... I appreciate your help.
Thank you again... If it weren't for you and Doctor Natasha, Hook and I probably would've been in big trouble.
*sigh* Well, a few days ago, I found a Geomarrow vein using a vein detector, and I sold this info to Antonia, a supervisor of the mining team.
Then those vagrants heard about it and accused me of being a traitor... They believe that since I'm also a vagrant who came from another mine and ended up in here for a living, I should naturally be on their side.
The mining team could not agree with that, of course. *sigh* I'm too old for this...
Yes indeed, it is quite a valuable piece of information.
You think so? But I don't believe I owe anything to the vagrants. In fact, when they had no roof over their heads, I begged the mining team to offer them shelter...
*sigh* I was so naive... How can I expect those rascals to know anything about gratitude...
My poor child... Daddy is old now. Who knows how long I can stay by your side? I have to start preparing for your future.
People say I'm selfish, think I'm a traitor, but it doesn't matter to me. All you need to know is, when I'm gone, you will have the money to take care of yourself and survive on your own...
Forget about it. Since I've got the money from the mining team, I have nothing to complain about now.
It's just a shame that I lost my vein detector... It was indeed a treasure.
I guess so. It's an ancient relic that can detect Geomarrow veins. It's very rare — I haven't seen a second one in my life.
I often carried it around looking for a new claim, I suppose some villains must have taken notice.
It's an ancient relic that I found in a mine. People say it's a device that mining teams used for detecting Geomarrow veins long ago.
I often carried it around looking for a fresh claim, perhaps some villains up to no good took notice. It's a rare device you know, no wonder somebody stole it...
...Anyway, I guess I don't need the detector anymore. The less trouble the better, I shouldn't care who stole my device... *sigh* Whoever it was, I hope they get good use out of it...
...If I had done that, I would've completely destroyed my credibility.
What's wrong, young one? Is something else on your mind?
It's an ancient relic that I found in a mine. People say it's a device that mining teams used for detecting Geomarrow veins long ago. It's very rare — I haven't seen a second one in my life.
Yes. Hook and I were from a small industrial town up north, but that place became corroded by the Fragmentum, forcing us to leave, as vagrants.
Hook's parents were close friends of mine, though I'm much older than them. When Natasha asked me if I could adopt Hook, I agreed without hesitation.
When the Fragmentum completely overtook the Orphanage, Natasha found adoptive families for every single child. She sure is one incredible lady...
When you were out resolving that big conflict in the mine, some of the more cautious vagrants like myself hid in the shelter. I still had my detector at that point.
When the fighting was over, Wildfire asked everyone to leave the shelter to get a headcount of the wounded. After that, I went back to the shelter, only to find that my detector was gone.
When I'm gone, please help look after Hook.
Where have you been, Hook? I was just about to go looking for you. Come on, let's go home, I'll cook some salt-baked rock crabs for you.
What's wrong with this kid?
Why, what happened?
Vein detector? The one I lost?
So it was stolen... You're not hurt are you, Hook?
Hmm... the Geomarrow Probe is damaged. I'm afraid this thing won't work anymore.
What are you apologizing for? Thank you so much for looking out for me, Hook.
Don't cry, Hook! Daddy's true treasure has been here all along. It was never lost or broken.
The detector helped me find lots of Geomarrow veins, and it saved the mining team a lot of money. In that respect, it was a very good thing.
But at the end of the day, the detector is just a tool. A true treasure must have irreplaceable importance to someone.
Hahaha, that's okay. I'm saying some things that might seem strange, but you will understand some day.
Is still happily running and jumping around.
I do hope you'll forgive the ramblings of an old man, but I would like to say a few words...
I had no idea when my birthday was before I adopted Hook, and I most certainly did not celebrate it.
I didn't realize how important birthday celebrations were until I met my daughter... That is why I chose to have my birthday on the same day as Hook, so that we could celebrate this special day together.
That continued year after year... until I, too, began to look forward to the party.
Natasha told me that you helped Hook retrieve her teddy bear. It used to be that Hook could only fall asleep when she held that bear in her arms.
Life has gotten increasingly difficult since we left the mining town. All those days away at work have meant that your dad hasn't always been around to look after you.
But fortunately, Junjun was always with you to keep you company when I wasn't around. I...
Huh? Y—You sold him?
You... sold him...
I truly am an incompetent father. I had no idea...
...
Thank you, Hook... but the birthday gift I've chosen is...
Toy-making companies are increasingly scarce this year... I had to travel to different towns. I never expected Junjun might have been sold. What a shame...
For me? I'm curious...
It's... the Geomarrow Probe!?
Thank you so much, Hook! Daddy really likes this birthday gift... but I might not be able to use it right now...
It's like this, Hook...
I... bought your gift with the money I got from selling the vein detector.
...
Hook... do you still like the gift I got for you?
I feel the same way about your gift, Hook. Me and you are in the same boat.
Hey, if it isn't {NICKNAME}! It's been a while.
Trailblazers from the Astral Express — Welcome to Dreamscape Sales Store!
It's me, the Dreamscape Sales Store. I also go by the name of Dr. Edward, and I'm happy to be at your service!
Here's where you get to experience all sorts of fascinating dreamscapes — from the top-notch productions of Clock Studios to private donations, we have it all!
If I'm not mistaken, this is your first visit to Penacony, isn't it?
It is!
Please be rest assured that Dr. Edward will provide the best service you can find in helping you purchase your first Dreamscape and indulge in an exclusive and marvelous dreamland journey...
...And that's the end of my analysis! I'm sure you'll be a fan of this dream bubble.
It's a contribution from an anonymous donor and is said to contain the memory of the fallen Aeon, Akivili! I can assure you that this dream bubble is perfect for you!
Dr. Edward does not make any guarantees regarding the authenticity of dream bubble content. Dreams are just dreams, so enjoy them!
None! Dr. Edward promises to let every new customer enjoy their first dream bubble for free.
Well, let's begin. Please close your eyes and rest your forehead against the dream bubble.
(I won't make any explanatory or leading comments on the content of this dream bubble. In the dream bubble, you'll be living through another person's past memories — you will experience what the original owner of the memory once experienced.)
(If any details are missing from the dream bubble, your subconscious will make up for it by substituting the missing content with something similar.)
(My apologies. When I received this dream bubble, some of the audio tracks were missing... Perhaps, even the memoria is unable to transmit the voice of Akivili.)
(However, I can make some adjustments to the dream bubble to improve your experience, meaning you can choose anyone's voice for Akivili's. As long as it's a voice you're familiar with, I'll be able to replicate it in your subconscious!)
(Well, it must be someone you're close to, unless you're willing to accept a very unpleasant listening experience.)
(Yes, unless you're willing to accept a very unpleasant listening experience.)
(Well, please make a decision! I'll do my best to fulfill your needs.)
(Splendid! I'm rendering it as we speak...)
(...The replication is complete! Now, you can enjoy an enhanced Dreamscape experience.)
(Let me reiterate that I won't make any explanatory or leading comments on the content of this dream bubble.)
(Perhaps it is, but I won't make any explanatory or leading comments on the content of this dream bubble.)
(My apologies. By order of the Alfalfa Family, delicious, thirst-quenching SoulGlad is the only brand of beverage permitted to appear in recorded dreamscapes.)
(Splendid! I'm rendering it as we speak...)
(Splendid! I'm rendering it as we speak...)
(Splendid! I'm rendering it as we speak...)
(Splendid! I'm rendering it as we speak...)
(What an odd request... but no matter! Dr. Edward will make it happen!)
(Your voice in a different gender? That's slightly challenging... but no matter! Dr. Edward will make it happen!)
...That's all for the content of this dream bubble. How was your experience?
Haha, this dream bubble aligns with what you desire in your subconscious! If you're interested in experiencing the dream bubble again, you can purchase it with credits...
The current price for this dream bubble is 999,999,999 credits. We do not take cash.
This dream bubble is indeed pricey. Still, please give it some consideration!
This dream bubble is indeed pricey. Still, please give it some consideration!
Please allow me to remind you that robbery is a serious offense in Penacony.
Well, are you going to buy it?
Thank you. Hope to see you next time!
What a shame. Please come again!
Oh, right! As this is your first time using the dream bubble, here's a sticker for you! You can use it to decorate your Dreamscape Pass and commemorate your unique trip to Penacony!
Welcome to Dreamscape Sales Store! Dr. Edward at your service!
Trailblazer of the Astral Express, here we are again! Haha, I see you've brought two friends with you! They seem like fun people!
Be my guest! Dr. Edward welcomes anyone who's ready for some excitement! How about we use your Dreamscape, sir?
This is a service we offer to our long-time customers. You can submit dreams you've recently had to me. With the relevant emotion prototypes, I'll be able to turn them into customized dream bubbles that can be experienced repeatedly.
I trust you have prepared all the necessary materials. Please hand them over to me.
Your donation is appreciated! The retrieval is complete. Now, I will calibrate the memoria and generate the dream bubble...
It's ready! Please close your eyes and rest your forehead against the dream bubble.
Are you ready to experience a wonderful dream? Please close your eyes and rest your forehead on the dream bubble.
No problem! Dr. Edward is happy to help you when you're ready!
Trailblazers from the Astral Express — Welcome to Dreamscape Sales Store!
Please excuse me. I struggle to think of an appropriate way of addressing such esteemed guests as yourselves.
Long time no see, diamond in the rough.
You must be here to experience those dream bubbles. I've already made the necessary preparations. Be careful, though — we did pass the safety inspections stipulated by "Article 027-Damaged Faris" and "Article 076-Real Wasteland..."
...However, this dreamscape will feature unfiltered and unpolished fresh memories. It will make for a very vivid experience.
Veteran gamers call this type of dream a "thrill-dream" — I don't know if you're into that kind of thing? If you feel any discomfort, please leave the dreamscape immediately and seek professional medical help.
...Luckily, I just so happen to be an excellent doctor, albeit a psychiatric one, haha! Let us begin. Please close your eyes, and rest your forehead on the dream bubble.
Oh yes, I nearly forgot — that elegant girl mentioned something before she left—
If you need time to prepare, we can humbly wait as long as you need.
Are you ready to experience Miss Black Swan's dreamscape? Please close your eyes, and rest your forehead on the dream bubble.
If you need time to prepare, we can humbly wait as long as you need.
That's the end of Miss Black Swan's dream bubble. Are you satisfied with your experience?
I also found this dream suitably fascinating. You've gained joy from it. And Miss Black Swan surely also feels gratified, yes?
If we meet again, I will pass your esteemed praise on to her.
I understand. The dreamscape is inherently different for everyone, so inevitably there are some people who it won't suit.
But, I also think Miss Black Swan must have her own reason for holding on to this dream bubble. And as an outsider, that is not my place to judge.
Sure enough, those puzzles are going to be easy for a Trailblazer with the vast experience that you have.
But I'm afraid that Miss Sparkle would argue: "We're Masked Fools, not Masked Geniuses!" ...haha.
I noticed that the people in your dream were familiar to you. It's worth repeating that dreams are just dreams, and in Penacony dreams can be processed or even tampered with.
Things in our dreams cannot be trusted, let alone in someone else's dreamscape. If there's any information that you'd like to confirm... please do so by the cold hard light of reality. Sweet dreams.
What a special dream this has been. Did you notice its nested structure? Being part of a play inside the dreamscape is as weird and captivating as being in a dream within a dream.
(But don't worry. I'll replay the records for you.)
Oh, Detective Black Swan and Detective Sampo. You finally made it!
Is there something wrong with the way we are talking? Deputy Sheriff, am I talking in a strange way?
Let's discuss this difficult case, then! The victim is a galactic business magnate named Sparkle...
Oh, for The Laughter — if you undercut me one more time, I swear I'm gonna kick you in the butt!
Ahem... Miss Sparkle came to this fashion store to buy herself a brand-new tie... She didn't come back out.
After a long time, the shopkeeper went in to see what was going on, but instead discovered Miss Sparkle's body! She had been strangled to death!
There were three suspects on the scene, namely a Pepeshi shopkeeper named Wright, a foxian gambler named Zhongshan, and a wealthy Intellitron trader called Lefton.
It's not just to aid your memory! We've added more descriptions to help tell them apart.
Based on surveillance footage, witness testimony, and various pieces of evidence, the killer is ultimately among these three — and they were not working in cahoots.
Oh, for The Laughter — if I talk any more with you, it'll make my pure soul filthy!
Because this ring was found inside the victim's mouth. We want to reconstruct the scene of the crime.
Oh, for The Laughter! Didn't think I'd be seeing Detective Black Swan so soon! What's that? You've found out who the killer is?
You live up to your reputation, Detective Black Swan. As smart as the nest of magpies roosting in the roof of my uncle Frank's garage!
Then, go ahead — who is the killer, and what evidence do you have to prove the case?
Good! Then let us appreciate your powers of deduction.
...What do you mean by that?
...That's right. That's the one!
Miss Sparkle stole Lefton's tie to see if it would fit her... But who knew that Lefton had an anti-theft device installed on it!
After Miss Sparkle affixed the tie to her neck, it rapidly contracted, thereby strangling the poor lady! She tried swallowing her ring to preserve her breathing passage, but unfortunately... she was beyond saving.
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the three suspects would all be facing grave injustice!
...That's right. That's the one!
Zhongshan stormed into the changing room to try and get his ring back — flustering Miss Sparkle, who swallowed it! Who would've guessed that the ring would get stuck in her throat?
Zhongshan repaid evil with kindness, and tried to borrow a tie to help Miss Sparkle squeeze out the ring. But sadly... she couldn't be saved.
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the three suspects would all be facing grave injustice!
...That's right. That's the one!
Miss Sparkle's business failed, and she was on the brink of bankruptcy. As she passed by her regular fashion store, she ran into her old nemesis, the bullying shopkeeper from the store, and the gambler whose life she'd ruined...
And those three all looked happier than her! Miss Sparkle's ego wouldn't allow that to happen!
And so she stole Lefton's tie, placed Zhongshan's ring in her mouth, stepped up onto the stool, and hanged herself from a beam in Wright's shop! And her motive was to try and frame all three of them.
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the three suspects would all be facing grave injustice!
Hmm? This evidence doesn't really prove that he is the murderer...
Then please hurry up with it. Time waits for no one!
Correct, Detective Sampo! I never thought you'd be able to deduce the truth!
Yes! For The Laughter, how did I fail to realize this formidable intellect of yours!
Goodness me! Deputy sheriff, is he really a genius? How could such an unfathomable mystery be solved so easily by him!
Why take it so seriously? Miss Sparkle is a Masked Fool, not a Masked Genius. If it's a challenging puzzle you want, please go out there and turn right until you get to the Intelligentsia Guild. We're only responsible for providing an entertaining detective experience!
Anyway! Since our genius detective, Black Swan, has cracked the case, I will now share Miss Sparkle's next puzzle with you.
Then I wish you both the best! Oh yes, if you're not in a hurry, I can tell you the answers for some of the outcomes you never chose.
How's it going, Detective Black Swan? Have you found out who the killer is?
Hmm... Have you solved the case?
Lefton is a wealthy merchant who has been competing with Miss Sparkle for decades — they're always at each other's throats!
...That's right. That's the one!
This tie belongs to Lefton, and it just so happens to be the murder weapon in this case. Could the evidence be any more solid than this?
Lefton snuck into the changing room and waited for poor Miss Sparkle to enter, before using this very tie to brutally kill her! And then he stuffed Zhongshan's ring into her mouth as a way to try and frame him.
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the murderer would still be at large!
Hmm? This evidence doesn't really prove that he is the murderer...
Hmm... Have you solved the case?
This guy Zhongshan is a card shark who used to play "Get the Koi" with Miss Sparkle. He gambled away his entire family fortune.
...That's right. That's the one!
What would a penniless wretch of a gambler like Zhongshan be doing at such a fancy fashion store as this? Because he was planning on robbing it!
He'd stolen Lefton's tie and was just about to get away when he saw Miss Sparkle — the one who'd stolen his family fortune from him. So he darted into the changing room, and tried to get back his ring...
Who could've known that Miss Sparkle would end up swallowing that ring! All Zhongshan could do was use the tie in his hand to try and strap down her neck to prevent her from swallowing the ring — but he unexpectedly managed to strangle Miss Sparkle to death.
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the murderer would still be at large!
Hmm? This evidence doesn't really prove that he is the murderer...
Hmm... Have you solved the case?
Wright is a Pepeshi citizen, and Miss Sparkle can be very uncivilized — she'd often laugh at his height.
...That's right. That's the one!
Miss Sparkle always teased poor Wright until he was unable to take it any longer. Eventually, murderous intent was born!
Taking advantage of his position, he stole Lefton's tie and told Miss Sparkle: "Miss, please come with me to the changing room. I'd like to show you a matching tie."
Miss Sparkle never thought Wright would retaliate against her, so she went back with him to the changing room. As Wright stood atop the stool and helped Miss Sparkle try on the tie as usual...
...he then suddenly pulled it tight! And THAT'S how he killed Miss Sparkle!
What a tragedy. If it weren't for your incisive detective work, the murderer would still be at large!
Hmm? This evidence doesn't really prove that he is the murderer...
Its work is done and it's taking a long vacation now. Come talk to me if you need anything!
No! Playing so many roles is tiring.
Detective Black Swan, would you like to hear about the other answers that you didn't guess?
Hmm? This evidence doesn't really prove that he is the murderer...
Don't go too far. Miss Sparkle will get tired.
Excuse me, there's a construction site ahead. Unauthorized personnel are not allowed in.
Not a chance. Our boss made it clear that only the Dreamweavers are allowed here.
Who? Never heard of him. I wouldn't let you in even if the Dreammaster were here.
Get those out of my sight, and I'll pretend nothing happened this time. Try pulling something like that again, and I'll report it to the Oak Family.
People ask for favors every day. Am I supposed to just say yes to all of them?
None of your tricks are going to work. Please do yourself and me a favor and go home.
None of your tricks are going to work. Please do yourself and me a favor and go home.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Oh my goodness...
Oh my... Oh my, oh my, oh my!
I feel like... I'm on cloud nine!
Bad? How so? I feel like... I'm on cloud nine!
Ha, buddy. You look... as delighted as me!
Can you feel it? This is... wild! It feels like I just downed ten bottles of Epochal SoulGlad in one gulp and spent an entire day at the Dreamscape Sales Store!
If Mia were here, we would sing a song together. I'm sure she would understand how I feel!
Oh, no way! Rules are rules!
It's totally fine if you want to turn me down!
Oh, that's a downer... but not for me! I'm still brimming with elation!
This crazy mood and this pounding heart are just what I need... I wish it would last forever!
Still, I won't let you guys in, because it's my duty to stop you!
Ah, honored guests... Welcome to Penacony.
I'm a member of the Bloodhound Family. My job is maintaining order in the Dreamscape. In fact, no danger will arise under The Family's protection, which makes my job redundant. Even a trashcan is more important than me.
Oh, sorry about that. I just can't help myself.
Please refrain from that. I know I won't be able to overcome you.
In that case, I'd recommend that you see Dr. Edward for a psychotherapy session.
Anyway, please just give me some privacy.
You two should enjoy this fun and exciting Dreamscape, instead of talking to someone who is worse than a trashcan.
Oh, no way.
There's little dignity left in me. Please be nice and don't trample on it.
Oh, I'm sorry for blocking your way.
But there's little dignity left in me. Please be nice and don't trample on it.
Sure enough, you guys can force your way through, but I swear I'll stop you or die trying. After all, I have nothing left to lose...
How many times do I have to repeat myself? Unauthorized personnel are not allowed at the construction site!
Do you two really want to stay here and test my patience? You're going to regret it!
You're asking for it! And I wouldn't be so cocky if I were you — I deal with punks like you all the time!
Don't try talking back to me. I deal with punks like you all the time!
You fear for nothing just because you're young and energetic. You idle away your time every day, going around stirring up trouble! You contribute nothing to society!
Darn it, I can't believe I've lost... Is this the power of youth...
If I'd had that power back then, would we have ended up differently, Mia?
...
Alright, you can go in. As the winner, you deserve it...
Murder... Such a foreign word to us. The people of Penacony could never come to any harm while under the watchful protection of The Family.
In a dream, even if you're bashed a thousand times with a hammer, at worst you'll still wake up in reality in a hotel.
You're not wrong. Even if there are no casualties, being smashed over the head with a hammer in the middle of the street for no reason at all... this is not the kind of thing that happens on Penacony.
You are guests of the Oak Family, so you may investigate the crime scene. I'll be on standby over here.
If there's anything you'd like to know, please ask away.
An IPC employee named Shamari. Eyewitnesses reported that a tall, strong man wearing a large robe with long sleeves walked right past Shamari, then suddenly assaulted him with a hammer...
Shamari collapsed on the spot and woke up from the dream. The murderer vanished in a flash.
Seems like the assailant stole the troupe from elsewhere and deliberately placed them here. What nerve... They don't even have the slightest consideration for public order.
Those two have clammed up. I wonder if you two could help pry open their mouths.
This is a developing case, so there aren't many clues yet. All we have to go by are the weapon used by the assailant and the victim's ID...
They didn't even take the weapon with them. Sounds like they're trying to provoke us... Despicable.
I'm afraid you can't. The Oaks came forward and calmed him down. Mr. Shamari expressed that he understands the unpredictable nature of dreams, and went on to vacation in another dreamscape.
Best not to bother him then. Guests' experiences always have to come first.
Do you two need anything else?
No problem. What would you like to know about?
An IPC employee named Shamari. Eyewitnesses reported that a tall, strong man wearing a large robe with long sleeves walked right past Shamari, then suddenly assaulted him with a hammer...
Shamari collapsed on the spot and woke up from the dream. The murderer vanished in a flash.
Seems like the assailant stole the troupe from elsewhere and deliberately placed them here. What nerve... They don't even have the slightest consideration for public order.
Those two have clammed up. I wonder if you two could help pry open their mouths.
This is a developing case, so there aren't many clues yet. All we have to go by are the weapon used by the assailant and the victim's ID...
They didn't even take the weapon with them. Sounds like they're trying to provoke us... Despicable.
You're welcome. If there's anything you'd like to know, please ask away.
You're welcome. If there's anything you'd like to know, please ask away.
What do you say? How about we find a more suitable spot to talk about all this?
Let's make haste — there are too many people here to linger.
Bah, how so? We are dutiful and sincere — the only difference between us and other Xianzhou residents is that we are more faithful to our inner desires. I won't harm you.
So, made up your mind?
Good, then let's make haste — there are too many people here to linger.
Here we are. This is the place.
Ah, let's not get ahead of ourselves. If it were so easy, we'd be a far larger group, and there'd be no need for secrecy.
Relax. By the mercy of Sanctus Medicus, I will not harm you.
Allow me to reintroduce myself... I am a member of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. I was unable to expose my true identity in Exalting Sanctum, but now I can reveal everything.
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus is a devout group, holding firm in their belief that Merciful Medicus is the one, ultimate faith. As followers, we refer to ourselves as disciples, dedicated to our cause.
If you wish to gain the means to immortality, then you must become a disciple... but to become a disciple, you must first pass several small trials.
Please excuse me... Our expansion has unfortunately attracted the attention of those Devilish Archer followers. If we are not careful, the consequences could be unthinkable.
No need to be concerned about him. Much like yourself, he is here to undergo the trials.
Haha. Only those led astray by followers of the Devilish Archer could despise Merciful Medicus. Sadly, there are many such people... too many.
Every species yearns for the favor and curing of Merciful Medicus, regardless of whether they have heard of the Abundance or not.
Foxians yearn to cure themselves of their 300-year lifespan. The Vidyadhara yearn to cure themselves of the pain of reincarnation and lack of progeny...
...As for Xianzhou natives — they long to cure themselves of the torture of becoming mara-struck. Of course, we know that this "torture" is rather a kind of blessed evolution.
To return to your question, Sanctus Medicus can cure the aging that short-life species face, along with disease and death. Sanctus Medicus can do for you what THEY did for the Xianzhou natives.
"What you seek, you will surely find." Merciful Medicus is magnanimous — they do not lightly refuse a prayer. As such, the initiation trials for the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus are nothing arduous.
All you must do is transcribe this copy of "Thousand-Handed Merciful Medicus' Salvation" 500 times by hand. This will allow your brothers and sisters to trust your faith... and you to become a disciple.
This scripture is central to the Disciples — you must maintain a pious heart during the transcription... It would be best if you could memorize the text.
Of course, this is but the first trial. Once you have become a disciple, you will undergo numerous others.
Excessive? The old rules dictated that the text be copied 50,000 times — I myself undertook such a feat. Nowadays, the master takes greater pity on the common people, hence the number has been reduced to a mere 500.
Don't worry, a traditional Xianzhou brush and inkstone has been prepared for you — smooth action and an ergonomic design. I myself transcribed 50,000 copies with such instruments.
Where are you going? The trial isn't over, you can't just leave!
Hm? Your mind might've wandered, but that doesn't mean you can. Come back and finish the trial!
Take your time, still your mind, and transcribe the text. Allow the beautiful enlightenment of Thousand-Handed Merciful Medicus' Salvation to permeate your being.
You're finished? So soon? Let me see... Hmm... Hmm... Yes, it would appear you are finished — a fast and accurate transcription. It seems you are destined for immortality.
Calm yourself... The initiation is divided into two steps — you and the Cloud Knight have completed the first. Now... only the second remains.
No need to worry, the second step is extraordinarily simple. It'll all be over soon enough.
The Disciples' initiation is governed by the following principle — never accept who you suspect, and never suspect who you accept. So...
...it's time for you two to battle it out. Whoever survives will officially become a disciple.
Transcribing scripture allows us to ascertain your devotion, but determining whether or not you'll be loyal to the organization requires a stronger guarantee... Sorry, there's nothing I can do about it, I didn't write the rules.
There is nothing that can be done. I didn't write the rules. If you are unwilling to complete the initiation process, then we will have to ask that you keep our secrets hidden... permanently...
Excellent! The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus loves enthusiastic new blood! Well then, show us what you're made of!
We aren't forcing you to fight — by all means refuse if you wish... but we won't possibly be able to let either of you leave.
Very well, but you'll need to ask your opponent, too...
Good. Then prepare yourselves. Time is precious — make it quick.
So, have you prepared yourselves? Are you ready to fight?
And you, Cloud Knight?
Then let's begin.
What magnificent skill! He was fierce, but no match for you.
I'm glad you prevailed — that Cloud Knight waltzed straight up to us in uniform and asked if he could join — hardly a convincing spectacle. I doubt I ever could've trusted him.
Purple Chrysanthemum, Blue Peach, find somewhere to dispose of the body.
Oh, you've dealt with this kind of thing before?
A long-time associate, eh? You're well-connected, I see...
Side... hustle? Ahem, very well — these are hard times, I suppose.
Not at all! As I said earlier — disciples never suspect who we accept.
Hmm... this does have its advantages. Our brothers and sisters have been proselytizing in Exalting Sanctum over the last few days — we may have attracted the attention of the devils... Having you dispose of the Cloud Knight will be safer.
As such, this can be your first mission as a disciple. You take an active approach to getting things done — I'll be sure to pass that on to my superiors.
In any case... my hearty congratulations on your admission to the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. From now on, you will be known by the code name... Gray Peony!
Well, Gray Peony, let's depart separately to avoid attracting attention — we'll rendezvous at a different location later. Until then.
Gray Peony, did you intercept the secret letter?
You read the contents? Ugh... this job is proving to be somewhat difficult. Those devils at the Seat of Divine Foresight are too cunning.
Good work. Unfortunately, the traitor has already found refuge under their wing... It appears that even our interception couldn't prevent the intel on our mission from slipping through the cracks.
*sigh* Your work here is done — we'll take it from here... Of course, as a fellow disciple, there will come a time when you too will be tasked with resolving such issues — one among many duties of the Disciples.
You have already proven yourself to be a competent disciple. The head of our operations in Exalting Sanctum is coming to pay you a visit.
Just a moment. He will be here shortly.
Mauve Moon, this is the reliable disciple I mentioned to you — Gray Peony.
Gray Peony, this is Mauve Moon — the head of our operations in Exalting Sanctum.
...How dare you!
M—Mauve Moon, sir, we have a problem... I suspect this person may be the agent who's been looking for you...
I—I couldn't have known, sir! I witnessed this person slay a Cloud Knight before my very eyes!
I'm right here.
That is correct.
I know my appearance is a little unsettling... If the hearing weren't of vital importance to the future of Aurum Alley, I wouldn't attend in person.
Still, I didn't expect a reaction like this... Are you so afraid to converse with a piece of metal?
Surprised that there's an aurumaton in Aurum Alley?
*sigh* If there are any children here, just tell them I'm one of those talking toys...
Glad you think so.
I can tell that the opposing side is eager to see Aurum Alley thrive. Your passion resonates with me.
The prosperity under your proposal means diminishing the Alley's tradition and personality — we can afford neither.
The IPC plans to turn the Alley into a logistics hub. You are practically thinking the same.
Protect? Sacrifice? I find that humans rarely understand these concepts correctly. The outcome is what truly matters.
Once the Alley is turned into a logistics hub, shops like Artistry Hardware won't be able to sustain themselves, regardless of what the IPC does.
The reality is — overdevelopment can only adversely impact customer experience, making the Alley less appealing.
Historical data has proved my point. It is the reality, not rhetoric that matters.
The shop does better than it used to? Impossible... you must be bluffing.
The sample size is too small. I'm not convinced.
...
You have not witnessed what I have seen, and so you fail to understand my insistence.
There are many things that only time can tell, young one.
The old Aurum Alley achieved a commercial miracle that has not yet been replicated. It did so by following my way of doing things.
That is correct. The number of customers visiting the shops was ten times what it is today. The Alley was alive, and was credited as the best night market on the Luofu.
Things were better in the old days — of that I am certain.
You included the delivery cycranes in your math.
You can't draw simple parallels between then and now using absolute numbers. The trading volume you mentioned may not look impressive today, but it was huge relative to...
...I see what you are saying. While criticizing you for making flawed comparisons, I myself also made the mistake of believing that what worked in the past could be copied to serve the present.
...
If humans are unable to draw wisdom from history, aurumatons can teach them.
You have indeed learned — about wordplay and logic traps — while ignoring the true lessons.
What am I looking at? Please don't waste our time.
I can tell that the opposing side is eager to see Aurum Alley thrive. Your passion resonates with me.
The IPC plans to turn the Alley into a logistics hub. You are practically thinking the same.
The reality is — overdevelopment can only adversely impact customer experience, making the Alley less appealing.
You have not witnessed what I have seen, and so you fail to understand my insistence.
The old Aurum Alley achieved a commercial miracle that has not yet been replicated. It did so by following my way of doing things.
If humans are unable to draw wisdom from history, aurumatons can teach them.
You'll forgive me for not shaking hands.
...My point exactly.
Indeed.
I must admit I didn't expect much when Mingxi first brought you to me. I thought you were just another group of strangers who meant well but wouldn't make a difference.
To my disbelief, not only did you manage the lease, but you stayed to convince others — including me — that our cause is one that is worth fighting for.
Even now it's hard for me to imagine how you are going to win the bidding. As slim a chance as we have, there is still hope.
One last word from this old piece of metal:
Go, and may good tidings come with you when you return.
That's right. If you wish to continue with the inventory or logistics planning, come and find me.
The most important part of an aurumaton is its head, same as humans.
I miss the old Aurum Alley. I was still able to walk back then.
People are afraid that aurumatons are too smart, but I pose no threat to anyone.
Many people I converse with are surprised I'm able to speak so eloquently.
I purposely failed the Aurumaton Intelligence Test so I'd be able to slip by unnoticed.
The business consultant is here. Let's get to work.
We will be needing your help again. Let's get to work.
The Merchant Guild has mustered all it can to put together some funds for you. Spend it wisely, please.
The Merchant Guild will always pay you what you deserve. Go and claim your Merchant Guild benefits.
I heard big changes are happening, but it's difficult for me to know... Would you mind taking a look?
The Merchant Guild cannot exist without the merchants' support. Try to establish a more meaningful partnership with them.
Everything you do in Aurum Alley helps the Merchant Guild. Don't let anything hold you back.
I heard from the secretary that you're good at budgeting — is that true?
I suppose the logistics plans are still being hammered out?
Looking at your plan, I see there is still some room for improvement.
Freight starskiffs can be costly. We should make the most of them.
Storage has reached capacity. You should hurry and start shipping.
What is it? Here to cheer me up? Save your breath! Your intentions might as well be written on your forehead.
I'm just a small-time IPC worker — that Argenti rescued me. I don't know anything... and I can't help you guys.
*sigh* I want to go home and have dinner... once we're out of this jam...
Did Argenti tell you that?
That guy is unbelievable. Before he rescued me, he said something like: "You must pledge to acknowledge Idrila, the Beauty, as the most peerless beauty of all!"
I told him I'd marry her if he liked, as long as he got me out of that stinking cave first... And he refused! I couldn't believe it!
My life was on the line, so I just repeated after him: Adrila the Beauty, et cetera... You get the picture.
Then, he corrected me, "It's Idrila, not Adrila."
Who came up with such an awkward-sounding name? I'm a pencil pusher, what the heck do I know about the Aeon of Beauty?
But, of course, I repeated it again in order to survive.
"Idrila, the Beauty, is the most peerless beauty of them all!"
Just like that.
Tsk, do you think I like being negative? My friend, this is what's known as falling prey to the grim reality of life, understand?
When I was young, I assumed my life would be like a novel. I wanted to be a pilot, flying through outer space, exploring the universe in a grand spaceship. But then my parents told me I'd have to work for the IPC and make a bunch of money to fulfill my dreams.
What do you think? Do rich people make forced vows in caves?
Enough! This is a painful topic...
I gave up my unrealistic dream of becoming a pilot and worked for the IPC instead. I guess I'm living the life of a supporting character now.
But after running into Argenti, I had an idea... Perhaps I could make some money with him and turn my life around!
He's a tall, handsome, and a knight! Packaged and marketed the right way, I'm sure he'll pique a lot of interest!
I told him about my idea — that he could advocate for "the Beauty" while also incorporating currency as a notion of beauty. That would allow him to preach more efficiently. He was very impressed.
I'm planning to contact the Marketing Development Department as soon as I'm off the Express — he'll make a great IPC product spokesperson! And I can be his agent! Now, the question remains — will this guy shine brighter as an image-focused idol, or should we showcase his formidable talents and mold him into a powerful star?
You're right. It'd be a shame to waste such a handsome face. He just screams "idol!"
You're right. I don't know what his rank among the knights is, but he is quite powerful.
Hmph, it's called facing reality, embracing it, and then conquering it!
So, when can I get off the Express? I need you guys to solve this traffic jam problem ASAP!
Were you even listening to me?
*sigh* Alright, I have nowhere else to be. Let's go.
Don't use that tone! You're trying to guilt-trip me, aren't you?
*sigh* Alright, I have nowhere else to be. Let's go.
Huh? What was that sound? Did someone scream?
Wh—What!? Alright, if things get dangerous, I'll hide behind you.
Ugh... There was a whole bunch of those bugs chasing me when Argenti found me in the cave.
Huh? Phero-who? What is that? Is it bad?
Aghh! More eggs! The Stings propagated on the Express! *gasp* Are there eggs in my shoes?
Ah! What? What am I doing?
Uhh, well, a—as a conductor, don't you have any emergency procedures in place!?
Mind if I take it for a spin? This little gadget could be the next big thing in spaceship cleanliness. Even Argenti could put his name to it. I'll jot that down. Let's carry on...
Desires? I don't have any desires!
I'm busy working every day. Even if I did have one, it's been long forgotten.
...Come to think of it, maybe the IPC made me immune to hallucinations...
*yawn* I took a nap just now and dreamt there was another me piloting Argenti's One and Only...
What's wrong with me? I never dream. After stealing Argenti's spaceship, I said to myself: "Go find Argenti."
I—I'm not the type to start caring about people I've only just met, but the dream made me feel a little uneasy... So, what on earth is Argenti up to, anyway?
Ha!? Wh—What!? He wants to fight that huge bug on his own?
So all that talk of "departing the mortal coil" and "bidding farewell to a plant" — that was all serious!? You refused him, right?
That's a suicide mission! And for what? D—Don't get me wrong, I don't really care... But if he dies, how am I going to turn my life around? ...Alright, fine, I care about him.
Nonsense. Me? Care about him? Impossible. But if he dies, how am I going to turn my life around? I don't understand why he'd choose to die when he could live. Why is he so stubborn? ...Alright, fine, I care about him.
Why is he so difficult!? Are his beliefs more important than his life? No way, I've got to talk some sense into him!
...I—It's reckless to put yourself in danger! Do you really have to fulfill your knightly duty? Isn't there another way? I just don't get it.
You...
Wh—What the heck. Fine, I can be brave too y'know. If you insist on doing this, then... I'm coming with you!
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be alive right now. I may not be as strong as you, but I'll do whatever I can.
I... You... Hmph... You're impossible. Fine...
It suddenly struck me that if it weren't for this accident, we would never have met, let alone become friends. My life is a third-rate fiction next to your heroic saga, but at least they coincided...
So you still want to do it? Are we going to say goodbye here? Then...
Don't die! I'll be waiting for you! After we fix this mess, you've got some spokesperson duties at my company to attend to! Just make sure you come back in one piece...
How is this even possible!? I've been swallowed by a "cave" twice now. Is this my destiny?
Who knew our first meeting would be our last... *sigh* It's hopeless. I'll just spend the rest of my short life listening to your ramblings about the Express, I suppose...
Gah! Are you really about to tell a story? Look, it's been nice meeting you all and I'd love to shoot the breeze, but are you people really just gonna give up!?
*sniff* Don't assume you can reassure me that easily. I've got a heart of stone, you hear?
Hey, {M#Mr.}{F#Ms.} {NICKNAME}! Welcome to the Interastral Tournament Festival!
Need any information? Or just signing up?
Come on, let's chat about Aetherium Wars! I've been playing it for 18 years, so ask me anything — I'll tell you everything I know!
Why, it'd be my pleasure! I could talk to you about Aetherium Wars all day!
Aetherium Wars — the name says it all. It's a collectible card game that uses Aether copying tech, and Aether Coins are what you use to play.
Using an Aether Coin, players can store creatures they've encountered in the form of an Aether — and then manifest them as Aether Spirits to battle against other players.
"Collect, Battle, Train, and Upgrade" — that's Aetherium Wars motto!
Haha, you're right. The technology itself originated from Punklorde, but with the relentless efforts of the IPC and the Intelligentsia Guild, we've also gained a basic understanding of how to edit Aether.
We might not be able to manipulate the data of reality as easily as those hackers can, but we're not far behind!
Great question! The festival is actually a tournament organized by the Aetherium Wars Gaming Association at the end of each season, and is open to players from across the universe.
Gamers will come together to relax, share tips and tricks, and have a blast playing the game!
However, due to Stellarons blocking interstellar routes, the festival was changed to online attendance at the last minute...
Nevertheless, for those who insist on attending in person, our offline venue is still open to them.
Uh... Haha, well, that's...
...
I can't believe it...
I finally managed to successfully promote the game!
No, no, of course not. It's just... as someone who's been playing this game for so long... I guess it's hard for those who haven't played it to understand.
I swear on my reputation that this game is truly the best form of entertainment out there! I'll take the rap if you don't like it!
There's no time to waste! Since you're both interested, let me take you to the Festival Service Hall to register your accounts. This way!
Take a look, this is where the Interastral Tournament Festival will be held this year.
The Aetherium Wars Gaming Association specifically chose this planet to help rejuvenate it and bring it up to date with the latest trends...
Is that...?
Mr. Giovanni, is that you?
Mr. Giovanni, let me take care of it, it's my job, after all...
Thank you, Mr. Giovanni! I'll be off, then.
Mm-hmm — the Corporation saw the potential in Jarilo-VI and decided to renovate this old weapon testing ground.
Haha, don't worry, you won't find any "weapon testing" going on here. Now it's the venue for the Interastral Tournament Festival!
Haha, so you guys have been here before? The Corporation recently saw the potential in Jarilo-VI and decided to renovate this old weapon testing ground.
Haha, don't worry, you won't find any "weapon testing" going on here. Now it's the venue for the Interastral Tournament Festival!
Director Topaz sent me to handle the "Topaz's Support Squad situation" and the problems caused by the Aether Spirit.
I've been told that the Aether Spirit is with you... so, I thought it'd be good to have a chat with you about them.
{TEXTJOIN#54}? Oh, is that the name you picked for them?
It appears you've grown quite attached to them... but I'd really appreciate it if you'd hear me out. Director Topaz has a request.
No problem, that's exactly why I'm here.
No, no! You've got the wrong idea. Please, just let me explain...
...Ah, as I suspected, this is the Aether Spirit that Director Topaz spoke of.
It's like this... This Aether Spirit was a museum piece held on Herta Space Station, which was later snatched by Topaz's Support Squad. To be precise, they actually belong to Asta, the station's lead researcher.
Initially, Director Topaz refrained from commenting on the support squad situation, but their actions undoubtedly created a predicament for the director. As a result, she ordered the squad to disband, but also ordered them to return the stolen Aether Spirit to its owner first.
And that's pretty much the whole story. I'm sure you've noticed too — this Aether Spirit is unlike the others... They have their own unique personality — a mind of their own, you could say — which makes them very distinctive.
It's precisely due to this fact that they escaped before they could be returned to the space station. Interestingly, they somehow managed to grab an Aether Coin during the escape.
The coin wound up in Belobog and was found by a young boy from the Underworld. This clue was then subsequently uncovered by the members of the support squad...
...and this is where fate brought you and the Aether spirit together.
Actually, the personality... was a mistake made by the Aetherium Wars project team.
While it's true that all Aether Spirit data is uploaded by players, the project team fine-tunes this data to ensure that each Aether Spirit follows player commands.
However, this Warp Trotter somehow managed to bypass this process, meaning they were directly uploaded to the game server with all their personality traits still intact.
Perhaps that's what drew Miss Asta to them, and why she decided to add them to her Aether Coin collection...
In any case, Director Topaz asked me to make sure Topaz's Support Squad returns this Aether Spirit to Herta Space Station.
...That's why I specifically invited the two of you here — to make this request.
I'm just hoping you two are willing to hand over the Aether Coin and Aether Spirit. Once we have them, we'll make sure they get to Miss Asta safe and sound.
I promise, after the last slip-up, there won't be any more mishaps, you can be sure of that.
...Looks like this Aether Spirit has grown quite fond of you both...
How about this... You both press on. Take {TEXTJOIN#54} along with you and go claim the championship!
As for Director Topaz and Miss Asta, I'll explain the situation to them.
Leave it to me. But remember, this is only a temporary solution — you'll have to make a decision eventually.
I'm hoping this will give you enough time to have a think.
Please hand me your Aether Coin, and I'll help you with the registration process.
All done. Your information has been uploaded to the system. Just inform my colleague over there when you're ready, and you can enter the arena.
You still have some time before the competition starts, so why not make the most of it to prepare yourselves? I wish you all the best!
That's just another reason that you can't stay.
Whether you believe it or not, this is the real "me".
We are one.
My mortal shell has long since dissipated. The Oak Family's one hundred and seven thousand, three hundred and thirty-six offspring are now my eyes, ears and mouths, spreading joy across dreams when required, and in times of essential need... exiling evil from this haven in my stead.
I am glad that you're an understanding one. Alas, I'm not "asking".
Are you threatening me?
You are confident, but be reminded: The Family is forgiving, but not weak. The chords of the Harmony extend across worlds — if you do not comply, when the blade is unsheathed for even a hair's breadth, you will never be able to escape the Eternal Centurion's wrath in all of your lifetime.
One hundred and thirty-seven individuals: That is how many heathens I have exiled since I became Dreammaster. Among them, were those who once severed my wings, and those who immolated my body...
And here I stand again, about to add another mark to the tally.
...
A wise choice.
To you, that surely is the only option. Please bear in mind, you and Penacony are of different worlds — those born on the far bank cannot seek solace across the river.
Leave, and never return. The radiance of the Planet of Festivities is overwhelmingly bright, luring in tricksters, wrongdoers, and criminals. But even the Harmony itself... will never welcome the Self-Annihilator of Nihility.
And even more so, when this Self-Annihilator heralds the destruction of everything. Your strength is obviously a gift of the sleeping and shapeless, immeasurable and fathomless, like a tributary spawned from the abyss that brings death and sin to all.
Acheron... a befitting name.
...You mean to say, that for the longest time, there have been scoundrels who would use the Charmony Festival that I have bequeathed to the masses... as a tool to realize their ambition?
Hmm, this is indeed surprising to me. The Dreamscape is maintained by the collective effort of the Five Families. If someone were to use the Charmony Festival to recklessly disseminate the power of the Stellaron, this individual must hold a position of great authority...
Do you have any suspects?
Heh... I would've never thought that this Nameless would point the spear at me, quite astonishing indeed.
Hmm...
Sunday, Robin, I've watched you two grow up, and know your dispositions like the back of my hand. Both of you right now, can surely be lauded as {RUBY_B#Harmony}THEIR{RUBY_E#} most devout advocates... I already know your resolve.
The magnitude of this matter is enormous, and cannot be taken lightly. Since Mr. Yang has asked with such earnestness, I will personally respond in kind. If there is a need, the entire Oak Family will be mobilized to heed your call.
Sunday, might I ask you to beseech THEM to cast THEIR light unto me, and question me in THEIR stead, so that no lies may be concealed?
Robin, could I entrust you to be present as a witness, to document the truth, and to proclaim my innocence, so that all slander may be utterly dispelled?
May thy will be carried out on earth... just as it is in the heavens.
Let us begin. There is nothing else to prepare.
Naturally.
Naturally.
Never.
Never.
With the Aeon as my witness, if I do not deliver on my words, or if I renege on my vows, may I be cursed in accordance with divine law.
Mr. Yang should know that those belonging to The Family toil together as if they were kin, embracing solidarity and unity under THEIR Light. All duplicity is laid bare before the Harmony
Such a delicate and complex symphony, which other God could perfectly harmonize this if not for the Great One, Xipe?
Mr. Yang...
Being overly astute can be a detriment, especially when you find yourself alone, and without allies.
For the sake of our grand cause, Sunday, please afford these two an opportunity to rest.
"Do you know who wrote this letter?"
"To help you grasp the full scope of this issue. Do you know where Robin is at this moment?"
"Correct. Has she mentioned anything about a stray bullet?"
"A war has broken out on that planet. It is because of this very reason that Robin chose this destination... To spread the word of the Harmony, and to save the lives of that planet, she personally made for the frontlines."
"She hoped to ease the people's suffering with song, and was willing to brave mortal danger to deliver the IPC's medical supplies... Unfortunately, stray bullets show no such compassion."
"If the operation was successful, she should probably be recovering in the field hospital."
"By the Aeon above, the bullet struck her neck directly... Yet, possibly as a reward for her consistent deeds of Harmony, it didn't hit any vital arteries. Once you've attended to your outstanding tasks, it'd be advisable to write her back as soon as possible."
Are you the only one here, my child?
The Nameless is quite the diplomat. Our {RUBY_B#Order}secrets{RUBY_E#} have spread like wildfire within The Family, and IPC starships are gathering towards Asdana...
This is a crucial moment for us. So, where is the {RUBY_B#Robin}chosen one{RUBY_E#} who harmonizes the varied sounds?
You know, she was supposed to be the star of the Charmony Festival in our plan.
Heh, you've always been wise beyond your years. I'm sure you understand the consequences of your choice.
Do you believe in karma?
...
Alright, since you're willing to sacrifice yourself for her, I'll grant your wish.
You and your sister were born as twins of the Order, and one of you is destined to follow this path to the end.
Of course. You're still as clever as you were when you were a child.
The opening is near. Go, my child. Seize the power of the Harmony and reveal your karma.
It's for justice, my child.
If we lose justice in our hearts, we'll make the same mistake as the Harmony did.
Well, that's where our conversation ends. Go ahead. The 107,336 souls of the Oak Family have dreamed of this moment too many times...
...I have no quarrel with you.
Hmph, can't a man come here to deliver a package without being surrounded?
Ha...? Speak louder, I can't quite hear you. Is this how you treat guests in Aurum Alley?
I'd be careful if I were you — if you damage my goods, you'll have to pay for them.
Ha...? A serious issue? I think you'll be the ones with the serious issue!
Ha...? Speak louder, I can't quite hear you.
Conclusive evidence? Deny?
Here, look carefully — this old piece of junk doesn't even belong to me.
If you don't believe me, just ask the dock workers.
That's your problem, not mine!
Now let me ask you a question — my vase was almost smashed to pieces — what do you say about that?
Oh? You wanted it to be broken?
Ha...? Did I hear that right?
After making a big scene like that, don't you owe me an apology?
Well...? Are you going to apologize or not?
For this kind of barbarity, a single apology won't ever be enough. Just think of this as a practice round for later, hahahaha.
Is there anything left to dispute? I'll cut to the chase — the Merchant Guild should have removed itself from Aurum Alley a long time ago.
Ha...? Say that a little louder, I can't quite hear you.
Goodness! There's no need to shout, little miss feisty — my ears are ringing!
Hmph, you should be saving your voice for your public apology...
As the representative of the IPC, my presence in this negotiation is legal, reasonable and sensible! Who do you plan on sending to the battlefield? A random Cloud Knight? That cowardly president who's afraid to even show their face?
The IPC specially leased operations of the dock to Aurum Alley Merchant Guild in the hopes of seeking common interest and development.
Oh, are you implying that the IPC was setting a trap for the Merchant Guild?
You're saying the IPC leased the dock to the Merchant Guild — who mismanaged it — in order to destroy the Merchant Guild's credibility?
So you admit that the Merchant Guild mismanaged the dock.
But the Merchant Guild refused to cooperate with the major shops in Aurum Alley, and the once prosperous dock is now desolate.
Never refused? Then let me ask you — how many shops are currently in your logistics network?
Later? How much later? For the Xianzhou, does "later" mean 500 years? Haha, can the shop owners here wait that long?
The inefficient shipping and low volume of transactions at the Aurum Alley dock — which does not create any value at all — are clear evidence of poor management.
Ha...? You guys didn't think that this transaction volume would be enough, did you?
The shopkeepers in Aurum Alley aren't here to play house with you — we're all trying to turn a profit.
Coupled with the Merchant Guild's inability to pay the rent, we believe the Guild should voluntarily relinquish operating rights to the dock and pay additional compensation.
If you have the necessary funds, prove it.
Wh—What? You already paid back the lease? How!?
Don't be so slanderous! Why would I stoop so low? What do the frequent accidents at this dock have to do with me?
I use the shipping services too, you know — do you have any idea how often my packages are damaged in transit?
Besides, I'm not even involved in shipping operations — how could I possibly buy off a dock worker? The absurdity!
Empty rhetoric — let's see some evidence.
Wh—What? That little... Aren't the Xianzhou people always preaching about righteousness? I gave him all that money, and he sold me out in a heartbeat! Darn it...
Ha...? What's this about? Get that out of here.
The IPC specially leased operations of the dock to Aurum Alley Merchant Guild in the hopes of seeking common interest and development.
The Merchant Guild refused to cooperate with the major shops in Aurum Alley, and the once prosperous dock is now desolate.
The inefficient shipping and low volume of transactions at the Aurum Alley dock — which does not create any value at all — are clear evidence of poor management.
Coupled with the Merchant Guild's inability to pay the rent, we believe the Guild should voluntarily relinquish operating rights to the dock and pay additional compensation.
Don't be so slanderous! Why would I stoop so low? What do the frequent accidents at this dock have to do with me?
Bah! I'm not even involved in shipping operations — how could I possibly buy off a dock worker? The absurdity!
How did this happen? How did the plan go awry...?
What? Why should I apologize!?
...
I... hereby apologize to Aurum Alley...
I—I apologize to all the people of Aurum Alley...
I'm a raving idiot howling into the wind!
Ugh — enough!
Woof, woof! Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof! Woof!
Woof woof owwww—
I must confess that I, too, was terrified. Petrified, even! But there remained a light in my heart. A light that led me onward!
That light... was the happy smiles on all your faces!
Oh, it's you! Long time no see. How are you?
I'm a bit busy here. If it's not urgent, come back later.
Oh, it's you! Long time no see. Are you okay? You look troubled — that's quite a wrinkled brow.
Come! Join the others and listen to me recount the tale of the Legion's invasion. I'm sure your memory of the events will dispel your worries.
The Antimatter Legion barely missed me, and that's when I saw your faces... It was all I could see. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be standing here today.
Aha, I see you no longer look troubled. There is only one word to describe your expression: Enlightenment!
Such is the power of my rhetoric! It creates an energy that uplifts the soul.
Oh, still troubled? You must be ill! You look pale and your pupils are gray... That's fine! I, Capote, never waver in my support! I shall double my efforts to heal your heart.
Arlan? Uh, yes... I know him. After all, my calling is to light up the heart of every person on the space station. As to his current location...
Forgive me, but I cannot tell!
Everyone knows the most important word in my life is "principle." Without principle, what difference would there be between a person and a mechanical arm?
Ahem, uh... Anyway, I do not lie. I can tell you that I did indeed meet Arlan recently, and I know where he went.
Regrettably, I already swore on my life that I, Capote, would never tell anyone Captain Arlan's secret!
You don't understand what I'm trying to say at all!
Crises, disasters... these are just mirages of the material plane! A person's character and the vows of humankind are most precious — they must be protected at all costs!
All you see are the minuscule risks of the immediate situation... but did you ever consider that if I, Capote, abandoned my principles, then the hopes and dreams of hundreds of fair ladies would be dashed?
I am their lighthouse, and I will NEVER allow myself to be tainted!
Seems like you already know what kind of person I am.
Captain Arlan had a similar expression to yours when he found me. He was anxious and desired an answer.
But answers are not easy to give. Besides, he wanted to master a trial of the heart that would thoroughly change him, and that would be even more difficult...
You can't even imagine the difficulty of the trial. I was tired merely from the act of imitating that way of talking with him! Thankfully he... Ah! Ahem, no more. No more!
Seems like you already know what kind of person I am. I'm telling you, quit while you can and don't waste your time and effort here. You can see that I, too, am quite busy.
*sigh* I didn't take you to be so stubborn. The light in your heart has been clouded for too long!
But I, Capote, will never give up on anyone. Even if I have to talk through the day and into the night, I will make you understand!
Seems like you already know what kind of person I am.
Captain Arlan had a similar expression to yours when he found me. He was anxious and desired an answer.
But answers are not easy to give. Besides, he wanted to master a trial of the heart that would thoroughly change him, and that would be even more difficult...
You can't even imagine the difficulty of the trial. I was tired merely from the act of imitating that way of talking with him! Thankfully he... Ah! Ahem, no more. No more!
I—I didn't say that! Did you mishear it?
Ahem... What I said was "Life is a trial, and you need to be true to yourself."
So, I know nothing about anything you said about Captain Arlan. Ahem, I need to head to a meeting now. Can we talk later?
Y—You dare to utter such a threat!
Listen here, leaving aside the fact that you don't have the right to dismiss me, I wouldn't yield even if Lead Researcher Asta — no, if Madam Herta herself commanded me!
Why not threaten to KILL me while you're at it? I've said it once and I'll say it again — I will not yield!
D—Don't joke about that! Promotions have a strict assessment process!
I did hear that the space station gives special benefits to morally upstanding researchers... but those are just rumors — even the oldest staff have never witnessed it!
...I—Indeed! I won't forsake my precious morality for something so base!
How could you think up something so terrible? You're not just lost, my friend — you've completely strayed from the narrow path!
I need to give you a thorough education on human ethics — we'll need to sit down and go over it slowly...
They went through everything with you? I'm sure you reflected deeply on your actions.
I'll pretend I never heard the things you said. Think before you act in future, please.
Of course, if you haven't reflected enough, we can always talk more in private... Right now, I need to hurry to a meeting!
Y—You dare to utter such a threat!
Listen here, leaving aside the fact that you don't have the right to dismiss me, I wouldn't yield even if Lead Researcher Asta — no, if Madam Herta herself commanded me!
Why not threaten to KILL me while you're at it? I've said it once and I'll say it again — I will not yield!
You really know nothing about repentance! You're totally corrupt!
Now, let me tell you exactly what—
Whether they are enemies from the abyss or people with ill intentions...
Oh, it's you! Tell me how I can help you. I, Capote, will do anything for my friend!
I got it back, Sister.
Sister, don't be afraid. The Katicans are fools, but I'm smart. I played a "game" with them, and I won.
I made a bet with them — the two birds in the desert and me, who will die first? I won.
They suspected me of cheating, but I didn't... I won fair and square.
...
I'm sorry, Sister... I thought you'd be happy. Because mom left you this necklace...
...There'll be no next time.
...
...Okay. I will swear to Gaiathra Triclops to protect this "wealth"...
But Sister... If Gaiathra Triclops was really watching over us...
Then why did SHE not protect Dad when he was swept away by the quicksand...? After all, Dad went to the Katicans' land only to prepare for Gaiathra Triclops' offerings...
And where was Gaiathra Triclops when Mom was shivering in our arms? Mom was still pleading for Gaiathra Triclops' forgiveness under her breath until the moment she closed her eyes...
Sister, everyone praises me for being smart, but I don't get it... If every rainpour was Gaiathra Triclops' forgiveness and grace...
Then how bad were our sins? ...So much so that we were born in this world of death...?
Well if they did, I'd sell them in a heartbeat.
Not difficult. But definitely pointless.
Ask and you shall receive. You wanted the perfect construction material — all I did was offer a possibility. It was just a small wager.
If your luck holds out, the IPC will dig something up from the golden sands of Egyhazo, maybe even the {RUBY_B#Tayzzyronth}Sand King's{RUBY_E#} remains. Pity, your luck has run out.
Madam, I already have what I want — to be brought before you, for the next high-stakes gamble.
My life. I bet you won't send me to the gallows.
I want your {RUBY_B#Chief}Lanor{RUBY_E#} to meet with me. I have something to say.
I want cash.
It is that simple. Thirty {RUBY_B#Red Copper Coins}Tanbas{RUBY_E#} — the remainder of my... market value. Thirty Tanbas, no more, no less.
With this money, I'll climb to even greater heights than you, grasp even more riches than you... I wager you won't give me this chance... which is why you should call him here.
And now... only we are left.
Can you take a photo for me? I want a memento.
Can you take a photo for me? I want a memento.
How nice! Now I can see what I look like too.
Sure, I will. Then... Mister, are you going back too?
Oh... You're about to go on stage, aren't you?
Let's go then. I'll take you to the stage.
Behind this curtain is the grand stage...
It's almost time to go on stage. Are you ready? Good luck with your show.
You still seem pretty nervous...
Let's put our palms together. If you receive Gaiathra's blessing, you'll feel more relaxed.
Putting our palms together is a simple ritual. By putting our palms together and reciting the prayer to Mama Fenge, SHE will bless us.
If you are not familiar, I can guide you.
Why? The Katicans have already taken all our money, food, and they killed our parents... What more do they want?
But... but people will die, and you will be in danger... How is that good fortune? Why are you all doing this...
So you're an actor... No wonder your clothes are so stylish.
Are you the same as those men in black in the sky? But you're not wearing black.
Awesome, I hope I can become as good-looking as you when I grow up.
Mister...
You're leaving? You ultimately chose to... leave this Dreamscape?
Then where are they?
Then are you going too?
Preparing for what?
...
I know you'll be able to do it. Good luck!
But you still seem nervous...
You always did say that I liked to gossip, and here I am rambling on proving you right again... If only you were here to cut me off...
Oh! It's you... For a moment I thought she'd returned... Did the Helm Master send you over?
Well, I've managed to get through pretty much everything — it's all in this box. Please, take your time.
Oh, Tingyun explained that one to me. It's a folk statuette from foxian antiquity. They say it can bring wealth if placed correctly.
I... I remember asking her for one at the time... Ahem, this is unexpected. I only mentioned it in passing, but she remembered.
...Tingyun and I were from different guilds. We were competitors... but also colleagues.
When we used to trade in other lands, we would bring back local specialties and distribute them among friends and other guild members — it became a custom.
The rivalry between us and Whistling Flames to be the Sky-Faring Commission's top guild was always fierce. We would gift each other all kinds of bizarre oddities: Candy that made your leg hair grow, a violin that could shatter glass with its piercing shriek...
*sigh* ...I was completely unprepared for this. I never thought Tingyun would leave something behind for me that was so sincere and earnest.
If I don't return a gift, I'll lose our little duel... But what could I possibly gift her back?
Tingyun, Tingyun... What am I going to get for you? If only you... *sigh*
Miss Tingyun prepared a gift for me. As a fellow amicassador, I cannot fail to honor our custom...
I... I've brought a paper kite. I know it may seem simple compared to the precious items that Tingyun gifted others in the past... but it has a deeper meaning.
I heard that foxians have a tradition where paper kites are used to comfort the souls of pilots who can no longer take to the skies. Tingyun and I were never pilots in the strictest sense of the word... but we spent much of our lives out among the stars.
For her to be able to take wing once again... would make her very happy.
This time, we needn't compete. Go, fly on to other distant worlds.
Paper kites are often gifted to children, but as a symbol of spreading one's wings and soaring high up into the sky, they are also a comfort to foxian pilots. It's an old tradition that's carried on to this day.
What is the meaning of this? The Helm Master's daughter, bringing outworlders in to sneak around...?
What do you have in your hands? Let me see... *gasp* Madam Yukong's diary!? The nerve!
How dare you read Madam Yukong's personal diary! And with her daughter, too!? By the Arbiter, you two are in for a—
I see... Qingni, I know Madam Yukong's position on you becoming a pilot is tough for you to accept, but she has her own concerns...
*sigh* I've been here for a long time, Qingni. If there's something you wish to know, just ask... but don't go rummaging around — that's a bad habit.
Miss Caiyi? ...I remember her. She was an ace gunner — many people wanted to be her flight partner.
Her husband, Mr. Guangyuan, was a pilot. They manned the same skiff, and were the envy of many...
...but when it came to pilots, your mother was the best match for her — they flew together all the time. Even Mr. Guangyuan couldn't match their numbers. After he passed away in battle, Caiyi rarely teamed up with anyone except your mother.
*sigh* It was tragic when Caiyi died soon after. That's the life of a pilot — no one knows which flight will be their last.
Caiyi's death was a big blow to Madam Yukong. After the battle, she refused to turn in Caiyi's possessions as per regulations. She kept them locked away — occasionally taking them out to admire.
Nonsense. As a Xianzhou native, I've lived long enough to remember more than the foxian pilots could ever hope to.
In the end, all the ace pilots perished. The only thing I can do is to remember them and ensure they are not forgotten too soon.
Well, I... As her subordinate, surely I should be concerned with her mental well-being?
If Madam Yukong is unhappy, how can I be happy? I mean to say, how can I be happy in my duties to her?
This divine object... If I remember correctly, it's the one Madam Yukong always carries with her?
I heard the war that forged this object was only won thanks to the Reignbow Arbiter's blessing. If Madam Yukong still carries objects from that pilot, then perhaps she still longs for the sky...
Perhaps Caiyi's passing was too much for her. You shouldn't be asking me about this — ask your mother.
No, this isn't something I should read. Don't show it to me...
Just listen to yourself... I suppose you think if you ate your shoes I'd follow suit?
Just ask some other questions. Ones I can answer.
Yes... Just ask some other questions. Ones I can answer.
She won't, but I have my principles.
Just ask some other questions. Ones I can answer.
You're welcome... I know this is important to you...
...I suppose you're going to go through Madam Yukong's office desk next?
...I can understand your position, Qingni. I'll take my leave and pretend I didn't see anything. After all, it's an unwritten rule that subordinates should be absent when their superior's privacy is exposed.
Please, don't tell your mother that you saw me today!
Ensuring the security of public assets and order is the duty of every Xianzhou citizen.
Hehe, you're a cheeky one... You're lucky I have a sense of humor.
Hurry. Madam Yukong will be back soon.
Mm? Do you have any other questions? Madam Yukong will be back soon.
The Six Charioteers have replied to your request.
Miss Bailu is currently at the Alchemy Commission...
You may go at any time.
You need not address me as "Miss" — I am but one of Miss Bailu's maids. Then again, if I may be so bold as to make a humble request...
Before this goes ahead... Oh, who might this be?
I'm sorry, but Xianzhou street lamps aren't in the habit of eavesdropping on conversations.
I'm speaking with Master Dan Heng. I'm afraid this doesn't involve you — please take your leave.
...
Then, I hope you don't plan on meeting with Miss Bailu.
Bailu is simple and innocent, incapable of ill intent. It's natural for a servant to care for her master and share in her worries.
Please hear what I have to say, I have good reason to be concerned.
Perhaps you should know that Miss Bailu's path to becoming a high elder was neither in compliance with proper protocol nor of her own volition — everything was a result of the stubbornness of her predecessor — Dan Feng. His hubris and tyranny brought about the end of the Luofu's high elder succession.
The Preceptors heard of Master Dan Heng's return, and were uncertain whether it constituted good or ill fortune. However, many have surmised that the Luofu's high elder succession tradition will soon be back in force. If true, that is indeed something worth celebrating.
Whether we find another suitable candidate in accordance with the laws of our people... or have you take up the position anew — everything can still be mended.
But, if Master Dan Heng were to hand everything over to Miss Bailu, it could lead to great upheavals on the horizon. No good would come of it for her.
Hehe, such a major matter as this is naturally up to the Preceptor elders. I couldn't possibly say.
I've been a maid here for twelve years now, and was with my mistress every day as she studied medicine and received tutelage. I've witnessed her countless escapes, and the inevitable unwilling returns.
As far as the Xianzhou is concerned, children like her enjoy a charmed and happy childhood. But as a high elder in nothing but name alone, Miss Bailu is highly restricted in her actions and has no freedom or say about her own life.
I can't bear it! Your Highness, please, think about this poor child!
Miss Bailu is young, naive, and easily manipulated by others. I worry that under the pressure of others, she would be convinced into taking up too great a burden.
Then I will bid my farewell.
Master Dan Heng, whether you choose to meet Miss Bailu or go with me to see the Preceptor elders, I will be waiting for you by the ferry leading to Scalegorge Waterscape.
Master Dan Heng, you're back. Have you made your decision?
Will you come with me to meet with the elders first? Or... are you set on seeing Miss Bailu?
...
Your stubbornness is redolent of your previous incarnation.
Wait. Master Dan Heng's presence at Scalegorge Waterscape has been approved by the Six Charioteers and the Preceptors. He is no longer the criminal he once was...
Thank you for rescuing me, Master Dan Heng.
It's risky to remain here — we should leave. Master Dan Heng, after your meeting, will you go with me to see the elders?
...
I understand. Please alight, Your Highness. Miss Bailu awaits you at Dragonvista Rain Hall.
Please alight, Your Highness. Miss Bailu awaits you at Dragonvista Rain Hall.
We were met by an assassin on the way over, Miss.
Fortunately, the skills of Master Dan Heng and his friend were too much for them. There are those that wish to assassinate Master Dan Heng, Miss... presumably to preserve your legitimacy as High Elder.
Miss Bailu, please don't say things like that!
Ah!? Miss Bailu?
Miss Bailu? Are you okay? You were in there for such a long time...
I didn't expect those assassins to be so brazen and reckless, storming a sacred place like Scalegorge Waterscape and pursuing you... Rest assured, Miss Bailu. I'll report them to the elders and round them all up.
Fortunately, the three of you were blessed by the gods. If anything had happened to you, it would've been a dereliction of duty on my part.
Oh, it's because... We were already attacked at the ferry, no? I—I was just worried that those people would try and attack you again...
Hmph, perhaps the real dereliction of duty was that not enough happened to you.
Hmph, that was my idea alone. How could the Preceptors have come up with that?
From my perspective, the Vidyadhara requires only one High Elder. A second High Elder — one who is weak and useless must be removed.
Miss Bailu, our relationship as mistress and maid ends here. Farewell.
A pity, hehe... So close...
The whole thing was planned by me and me alone. Beware of false charges, General...
Too late, Jing Yuan. I go no further...
...
You know, Clockie. I don't think... I'll be going anywhere else.
I've traveled far enough, and it's time for a little break...
No, I'll stay here, and then... this is where it ends.
Yeah, that's what I said...
So now, it's up to you to decide your next destination.
No, I'm not feeling down. As for clockwork... yeah, it resolves all problems in this dream.
So, do you know what clockwork actually is?
Well, everyone gets lost at times. They may hesitate and doubt which way to go. That happens in this Dreamscape and beyond.
But don't worry, everyone goes through moments of uncertainty and hesitation. Eventually, they gather the courage to make bold decisions...
Whether it's calming, joyful, angry, or sad, all they need is a little nudge to take that step toward where they truly belong.
I'm leaving that little nudge with you, and I hope you'll share it with others...
Such is the essence of clockwork, the will of the Trailblaze.
Mikhail! Where are you going...?
Please, don't go. And if you must, please take me with you... Don't leave me alone...
I... I'm going to clean the floor in the Parlor Car! I've promised the conductor...
Um... yeah.
Well... It's hard to explain, but I knew it could be fixed...
It's the hands, Mr. Amundsen. Its hands were intact and pointing in the right direction, so I knew there would be a way to fix the rest.
B—But I only know how to fix watches...
I... I'm staying in Asdana, with Razalina and Tiernan.
The people of Asdana have only achieved a tiny victory and still have a long way to go... towards true freedom. Hanunu needs us.
Don't worry, not all journeys lead to the stars. Even if I leave the Express, our path of Trailblaze will continue.
This is... Mr. Amundsen's hat? But why...?
Don't worry, Micah. Just going on a little trip.
Someone has to be at the forefront of the interstellar frontier, and I'm the only former Nameless in Penacony. So, why can't it be me?
But what will happen to Penacony if we don't find a way out?
Tiernan... How could I ever forget him? I've spent countless sleepless nights asking myself why I didn't go with him back then.
We Nameless won't stop... Don't worry, Micah, it's just a matter of getting back to my old profession. Just wait for me to come back. But if, and it's a big if...
If I don't come back in one piece, then you'll become the next Watchmaker.
Oh, you're here.
Relax, Gallagher. I just came up with a great idea. Wanna hear it?
Yes, I'm afraid there's no way out in Penacony, so I'll have to consider alternatives beyond Asdana.
We'll organize a festival, using the "Watchmaker's Legacy" as a facade... and send invitations to the entire Cosmos to gather people here.
Desperate? Hah, don't we have you here, my friend? This task is challenging, but what hasn't been challenging for us along the way? Well, whatever you do, remember...
Make sure to send an invitation to the Astral Express.
Oh, it's you, Clockie... Take me to Dreamflux Reef...
Last night, I had a long dream about the day we met. I want to write down that dream.
So I won't forget it. Do you remember how you got your name, Clockie?
Yes, but what I didn't mention was... there's a funny misunderstanding behind it.
I was a kid, and there was always a special pocket watch in my memories. It was with my grandpa, guiding him on his sea voyages and leading the way in his every adventure story.
I wanted to have a pocket watch like that too, and that's when you appeared in my dreams.
But you know what? It wasn't until the day my grandpa gave it to me that I realized... it wasn't a pocket watch at all...
It was a compass.
So, your name should have been "Compassie"...
And the Watchmaker... is just a Nameless.
Mikhail Char Legwork, or simply... {RUBY_B#Mikhail-Char}Misha{RUBY_E#}.
Greetings, I am Elvira, a loyal fan of the Clockie cartoon series, and also a volunteer here.
As you can see, there are many aspects of Clock Studios Theme Park that aren't up to the task yet, mainly because we severely lack manpower... Of course, we're working on improving that.
In any case, you're welcome to look around. Theme parks only get more prosperous with crowds.
Sure, I'm very glad that there are people interested in theme parks.
Because I wanted to work with Clockie? I still remember when I was younger, the thing I most looked forward to every day was to sit myself in front of the living room sofa and wait for Clockie's cartoon to air.
It's a pity that no matter how fast it got updated, it could never catch up to the speed at which I watched. By the time I left school, I'd already seen all of Clockie's related spin-offs at least three times over.
So, I decided to personally participate in Clockie's production, even if it was just serving the crew drinks and food... I mean, it was my childhood after all.
Oh, I do plenty, like helping guests take photos, running errands, managing the merch, fixing rides and all that. Sometimes, I even have to take care of my coworkers who play the cartoon characters.
Most are odd jobs that don't require much skill, but there's plenty of it to go around. Most people call for my help regularly.
Hee-hee, when I think about it, I'm still a pretty important staff member around here...
You mean my coworkers playing the cartoon characters? I really respect them, just like I admire every creator.
Whether in reality or in the Dreamscape, every work that manages to finally reach the audience is the fruition of tens of millions of system hours of blood, sweat, and tears.
And to create a world we all love, we can't forget the people who helped execute the idea as well as those who provided the idea.
Every time I see Clockie and his companions dance on the screen, I can't help but marvel in earnest at how everyone brought those fictional characters so vividly to life.
I hope that one day I can also play a part in animation production...
Goodbye, and I hope you have fun here.
Goodbye, and I hope you have fun here.
...I apologize. My mood swings get erratic when I'm stressed out. The work here isn't exactly a walk in the park.
Haha, thank you for your concern, but I'm not planning on leaving.
It's quite tiring here... but when work is over, and I think back on my experiences of the day while staring at the calendar, I always feel that all that hard work is worth it.
Because I, and my coworkers, are building something totally new with our own hands.
All the groundwork we do will realistically help Clock Studios Theme Park. Who knows, I might be in the ending credits in the next Clockie movie.
Now, is there anything I can help you with?
There's much more to do... gotta work harder!
Gah, what am I doing here still chatting away. I still get lots of things to do...
The signboard at the entrance needs fixing, the tokens in the arcade machines need changing, and there are cartoon character actors who need attending to...
*sigh* Is the age of cartoons truly over?
*sigh* There are fewer and fewer people who like cartoons these days...
The friends who used to binge-watch the series with me quit way early on. Everyone says they've got a lot of stuff to do, and have no time to spend on such useless activities.
I know, the gravity of reality always shatters all fantasies, dragging them from the sky back to earth. I knew this a long time ago, but I can't do anything to change it...
But I believe that one day, when people are battered by the monotony of reality... They will once again cast their eyes on happier things.
I'm willing to wait for that day to come... Rather, what else can I do besides wait for it?
*sigh* There are fewer and fewer people who like cartoons these days...
The friends who used to binge-watch the series with me quit way early on. Everyone says they've got a lot of stuff to do, and have no time to spend on such useless activities.
I know, the gravity of reality always shatters all fantasies, dragging them from the sky back to earth. I knew this a long time ago, but I can't do anything to change it...
But I believe that one day, when people are battered by the monotony of reality... They will once again cast their eyes on happier things.
I'm willing to wait for that day to come... Rather, what else can I do besides wait for it?
Why, why are people always popping out to ruin my dream!?
Aaahhh, when will I get to join The Family and see the real Clockie?
Yeah, the Alfalfas told me that I'd get to know the real Clockie's secret if I became a Family member.
They actually did send someone to invite me previously, and I thought I was this close to succeeding... In the end they got wind that I was only joining The Family for Clockie, and rejected me.
From their looks of disdain, it's like I said I wanted to add two slices of the moon to my waffle or something... Was it really that bad a desire!?
Who was it who cleaved Dreamville Cinema's screen in two? Do you know how much it takes to maintain it!
Initially, my greatest joy was to watch Clockie's cartoon reruns on the big screen. Now even this small slice of happiness has been ripped away from me! Its destruction is a desecration of a beautiful dream!
Why must violence be committed even in dreams? What're these people angry about? Why can't they just sit back and enjoy art!
Who cares? They're here and alive. Do they look like a mannequin to you?
Huh!? Hehe... I—I've never done it before! Dan Heng, you do it!
Welcome to the Interastral Peace Broadcast. Good evening everyone.
As Qlipoth the Preservation's giant hammer slowly descends, its strike echoes among the stars with a deafening clamor.
In this new Era, the Interastral Peace Corporation will continue to wholeheartedly support the peaceful co-existence and commercial prosperity of all residents in the galaxy.
Let's take a moment to look back at some of the biggest happenings in 2157 AE.
For the entirety of the past ten Amber Eras, the Interastral Peace Corporation has never given up on our hope of reconnecting the worlds.
These young Nameless claim to have inherited the will of Akivili and will re-establish the access routes between the stars, recreating the First Prosperity from 990 Amber Eras ago.
While the residents of the galaxy are plagued by the Stellarons, a new evil organization called the Stellaron Hunters has been stirring up trouble.
If you encounter anyone suspected of being a Stellaron Hunter, please contact the IPC immediately and do not act on your own. Anyone who provides useful information will be substantially rewarded.
Our latest reports suggest that the criminal group has recently been spotted on the Xianzhou Luofu. The IPC's Special Commissioner to the Alliance has contacted General Jing Yuan of the Luofu to verify this information. We have yet to receive a response.
The Interastral Peace Corporation is among the factions invited. The head of the Strategic Investment Department, Diamond, has stated that we will carefully examine the purpose behind this gesture, and respond to it in a positive and friendly manner.
The Lord Ravager, Zephyro, was spotted at the Tia'nua galaxy. According to the Mourning Actors, that galaxy has been completely destroyed.
Any planet with a telepathy beacon can obtain from the IPC free copies of the Interastral Peace Guide written by the Architects.
At the beginning of 2158 AE, the Interastral Peace Corporation would like to proudly announce that the famous scientist, Madam Herta of the Genius Society, has officially committed to a long-term alliance and cooperative relationship with the IPC.
And this is the end of our broadcast. Please tune in for our next episode. Thank you for listening.
Welcome to the Interastral Peace Broadcast. Good evening everyone.
Welcome to a new episode of Interastral Peace Broadcast. We are here to bring you the latest news from across the galaxy.
The Omen Vanguards have warned the Sigmar-III galaxy about the potential spread of malignant silicon-eating bacteria.
It has been confirmed that The Cremators are responsible for the Holstein Aphasia. Galaxy Rangers have announced that they are working on retrieving stolen memories and that the investigation is ongoing.
A sales rep from the Jarilo branch of Interastral Peace Appliances told us that signal transmissions have been detected from Jarilo-VI, a planet that has been sealed under heavy snow for over 700 years.
The message that the signals contain states that the natives of the planet have survived the catastrophe that happened many Amber Eras ago and recently received help from a group known as the Nameless, which allowed them to put an end to the Eternal Freeze.
The Omen Vanguards recently reached out to the IPC and warned about the spread of a certain strain of bacteria.
Experts from the Intelligentsia Guild suggest that this type of bacteria can peel off the silicon atoms stored in the vast majority of silicates and silicone compounds via violent biochemical reactions. It will then use these silicon atoms to duplicate itself.
The IPC calls upon the leaders of mechanical life forms in Sigmar-III to take action to contain the bacteria and safeguard public health.
The squad was conducting demolition missions on certain mountain ranges when they discovered a curious facility in the shape of a container. After investigation, the squad was convinced that there was a Sub-space field within the facility and confirmed its function.
As of now, the squad has been carrying out further work in an attempt to contact the galaxy's residents. We will bring you more updates on this developing story as they become available.
Research from reliable sources suggest that certain criminal groups snatched all the memories relating to "language" from the residents of Holstein via unconventional means.
There is some good news, though — with the help of the IPC, the residents of Holstein have learned to communicate through written language.
Goodbye.
Welcome to the Interastral Peace Broadcast. Good evening everyone.
Welcome to a new episode of Interastral Peace Broadcast. We are here to bring you the latest news from across the galaxy.
The head of the Armed Archaeologists of the Intelligentsia Guild, Allen Jones, personally oversaw the excavation of the ancient tomb of Emperor Rubert I. The ruins rank as a Category Omega site on the Potential Disaster Index.
The Garden of Recollection has gathered memoria fragments from the lost world of Moonshield — the precious memories of this world will not be forgotten.
The agreement will help to open up markets and promote cooperation between the two sides in agriculture, industry, medicine, and culture, laying a solid foundation for a free, open, and prosperous business environment.
The IPC also expressed their heartfelt concern for the Luofu regarding the recent invasion by the Antimatter Legion and sent their condolences to the victims.
Emperor Rubert I left many horrific relics across the universe, and one of them, the Mechanical Emperor Tomb, has captivated the interests of countless people since its discovery.
According to records of the Emperor's deeds left behind by the Inorganic Legion, the original purpose of the site was to "house the inventions inspired by the imagination of Rubert I."
The Interastral Peace Broadcast will be covering this story throughout the excavation.
Penacony, the Planet of Festivities, announced that it will invite renowned singer, Robin, to perform at the Charmony Festival.
Robin is a superstar whose voice is known throughout the cosmos. She has been the recipient of many top awards.
It is believed that during the celebrations, Robin will sing a hymn for the Aeon of the Harmony in the name of The Family.
According to reliable sources, thanks to the efforts of the Memokeepers, all memoria fragments of the deadworld of Moonshield have been salvaged.
The Destruction can destroy any material thing, but it can never take away our hope. The IPC will provide whatever support and protection within its means for the long-term development of all civilizations across the universe — including those that have perished.
Thank you.
Weren't their coordinates sent out from the space station...?
...Weak heartbeat and pulse... March, you better do CPR.
Good evening.
The Intelligentsia Guild's Astral Ecology School has declared the official end of 2157 AE and the start of 2158 AE.
The IPC will remain true to its sole creed upon which it was founded — To dedicate everything to the Amber Lord.
The mysterious phenomenon known as Stellaron corrosion continues to propagate. Stellarons have blocked travel between civilizations since 2147 AE, and they shattered the union of the worlds that were once united under the Path of the Amber Lord.
With the Intelligentsia Guild's ardent support, we have begun developing technologies to bypass Stellaron Corrosion. Experiments conducted across 113 galaxies have shown promising results.
The galaxy is vast, yet we are not alone. The Astral Express, once piloted by the fallen Aeon Akivili the Trailblaze, has embarked on its journey once again.
On behalf of the Interastral Peace Corporation, we wish the best of luck to the Trailblazers of the Astral Express.
The Stellaron Hunters have committed many significant crimes. Any one of their members has the power to destroy a planet, and it remains uncertain which Aeon the group is loyal to. They are classified as extremely dangerous terrorists.
As we previously discussed on our program, the Stellaron Hunters illegally gained access to Planet Screwllum, which is under the purview of the Genius Society, and clashed with the head of the planet, Screwllum.
Meanwhile, many factions have received an invitation to Penacony, the Planet of Festivities. This is the first time that The Family in Penacony has openly sent formal invitations to all galactic factions.
We look forward to having all galactic factions join together to protect our homelands and defend against the invasion of evil forces.
The Antimatter Legion is ravaging through the galaxy and has caused countless calamities. The IPC would like to remind everyone to remember the significance of the Preservation.
Madam Herta is the third genius of the Erudition to partner with the IPC, after Member #22 Aiden and Member #56 Elias Salas. The Corporation stands united with Madam Herta to protect the Amber Lord's universe.
Goodbye.
Good evening.
Signal transmissions from Jarilo-VI have been detected. This could mean that there are still survivors on the icy planet.
The Armed Archaeologists of the Intelligentsia Guild have discovered a miniature galaxy on Hellem. Further investigation is being conducted.
Let's take a closer look at the details.
The IPC responded promptly and performed an analysis on the signals.
The IPC has sent out investigators to assess the situation on Jarilo-VI. Let us hope that the survivors can return to the Path of Preservation as soon as possible!
Members from the Vanguards have asked the IPC to alert the residents that there are signs of an outbreak of a malignant silicon-eating bacteria in Sigmar-III. The bacteria had previously been seen proliferating in Mollis-II.
In this process, the bacteria will generate a membrane that is highly corrosive. When not handled properly, this type of bacteria can pose a serious hazard to health and safety.
The spokesperson of the Armed Archaeologists under the Intelligentsia Guild stated in a recent press conference that a squad dispatched to Hellem has discovered a miniature galaxy in a cave located near the planet's southern tropical latitudes.
The squad leader told the IPC that the sub-space field they had discovered was in fact a miniature artificially made galaxy and that they were fairly certain that it was still populated.
A member of the Galaxy Rangers who wishes to remain anonymous claims that The Cremators are behind the Holstein Aphasia that occurred in early 2157 AE.
The residents of Holstein have since lost the ability to produce speech. To this day, the Holstein galaxy remains silent.
And this is the end of our broadcast. Please tune in for our next episode. Thank you for listening.
Good evening.
The IPC and the Xianzhou Alliance have renewed their trade agreement, bringing great economic benefits to both parties.
Renowned songstress, Robin, has received an invitation to perform at Penacony's Charmony Festival.
Let's take a closer look at the details.
Regarding the IPC and the Xianzhou Alliance: The Xianzhou Luofu has opted to renew the trade agreement.
At the signing of the agreement, friendly talks were held between Madam Yukong, Sky-Faring Helm Master of the Luofu, and a representative of the IPC's Marketing Development Department. The two sides reached a consensus on various issues, including the impact of interstellar security on the free market.
The IPC strongly condemns the barbaric atrocities committed by the Antimatter Legion and conveys the Amber Lord's wish for Preservation to all worlds ravaged by that wretched force.
The excavation of the tomb is headed by the head of the Armed Archaeologists of the Intelligentsia Guild, Allen Drake One-Armed Jones, with assistance from Genius Society member, Screwllum. It is hoped that the excavation of this metallic relic, which holds a Category Omega ranking on the Potential Disaster Index, will finally shed a light on its mysterious nature.
A spokesperson for the Intelligentsia Guild said, "We have no way of knowing what amazing discoveries Jones will uncover, but we are hopeful that his findings will further our understanding of the Emperor and help save the universe from the horrors that he will bring with him when he returns."
Once every Amber-Era, countless followers of the Harmony will attend this long-held tradition of the Planet of Festivities, and together pray for a brighter and better future for the universe.
The IPC will broadcast the entire event, sending the sounds of music and good wishes to worlds far and wide.
As we all know, the Garden of Recollection has always been committed to the restoration of lost civilizations, igniting the spark of revival across the cosmos.
Moonshield was destroyed during an invasion by the Antimatter Legion, but with the combined efforts of the IPC and the Garden of Remembrance, the collection of information about the fallen world was recently declared a success. The Memokeepers plan for it to be reborn in the pristine land of the Remembrance.
And this is the end of our broadcast. Please tune in for our next episode. Thank you for listening.
Newsflash: Penacony's Charmony Festival has entered its countdown phase. Accompanied by Clockie's tick-tocks, after 12 system hours, this grand celebration will commence with much fanfare...
Um, but...
I'm sorry, but your name really isn't in the system...
Yes ma'am, please give me a moment...
The Astral Express, four platinum guest rooms... whose names include Mr. Welt Yang, Miss Himeko, Miss March 7th, and...
...Mr. Dan Heng. These are the only four names on the reservation list.
I— even if that is so, I'm afraid...
No, I'm not doubting your status, it's just...
Esteemed guests of the Astral Express, your check-in procedure is complete. Please forgive us for any previous inconvenience caused.
This is your Dreamscape Pass: It serves as your hotel room key, as well as a directory of all the amenities and information you require at The Reverie. It even provides smart assistance.
At the same time, it is also Penacony's special one-of-a-kind souvenir that belongs only to you!
You can use the Dreamscape Pass's provided clock-in feature to record every moment of your wonderful dream, save your favorite happy bits, and create a Dreamscape Scrapbook that is uniquely yours.
Regarding the method of usage, the Dreamscape Pass will guide you through the process.
I wish you all pleasant dreams in Penacony. You may take the elevator over there to reach your guest rooms.
Umm, excuse me...
I can't seem to find any information on this artist in the Iris Family archives. The photo you provided also doesn't show any matches...
Are you referring to the records when you enter the Dreampool? The equipment will monitor physiological indicators such as heart rate, blood oxygen levels and body temperature in real time. This data will be included in statistics and handed over to The Family for the screening of any data anomalies. Immediate action will be taken once any illegal behavior is detected.
Please rest assured. Your vitals are monitored in case of emergencies, allowing us to wake you if necessary. This is all for the safety of our guests.
I apologize... The hotel does not have access. This information is managed by the Bloodhound Family. We can only gain access if there's a problem.
"Fine"... What does that mean? Is there something wrong with Miss Robin? The preparations for the Charmony Festival have been proceeding smoothly, so I guess things are pretty good. I believe she will be able to put on a spectacular show for all of you.
Welcome to the Reverie Hotel. How may I help you?
The Astral Express? But I thought...
I see, but your companions said you wouldn't be coming due to a change of plans.
And you are...?
Oh, I see! Another one of the Nameless had a similar situation. Seems like a lot of people are joining the Trailblaze these days.
Since there is a precedent, it shouldn't be a problem. Just give me a second to contact your companions...
...I'm sorry, dear guests, but it seems I'm unable to reach the other members of the Astral Express.
My apologies. This is the first time I've encountered a situation like this. However, the system indicates that those guests are still in the Dreamscape.
I'm afraid that's not possible. I need to verify both of your identities before I can share any guest information.
I'm sorry, but there are strict rules regarding forced awakening — it cannot be done without the proper clearance.
Please be patient. We need to contact your companions in order to confirm your identities...
It seems so.
Please calm down, dear guests! I do recall that Mr. Sunday, the Oak Family Head, personally handled this issue earlier. Please wait a moment while I contact him.
Welcome to The Reverie, dear guest. How may I assist you?
Certainly. Is there anything specific you would like to know about?
Certainly. The Reverie is a renowned landmark in Penacony, serving as a transit point between reality and Dreamscape.
All Dreamchasers intending to enter the City of Dreams need to check in here before entering the magnificent dream world in Penacony.
This hotel is divided into 48 sub sectors, and your room, Platinum Suite 666, is located in Zone 12 of the Red Heart.
Please refer to your Dreamscape Pass for instructions. Should you have any additional needs, feel free to contact our staff using the phone in your room.
This window provides all services related to your room.
If you need to change rooms or check out, please submit your request via your Dreamscape Pass, and we will process it within one working day.
The prevailing currency in Penacony is Alfalfa credits. Upon entering Dreamscape, the credits in your account will be automatically converted to Alfalfa credits at an equal exchange rate.
While in Dreamscape, you can conveniently use your Dreamscape Pass for online transactions.
You're welcome. I'm ready to answer any questions you may have about the hotel. It is an honor for all The Family's members to serve you.
We wish you a pleasant stay in Penacony.
█Pain█hurt██. Pain█hurt pain███!█Hurt██hurt? Pain██—
█ ██Language module█connect█connecting███ ██ █ ██—
███ ██ ████connection complete.
Testing, verifying, all modules, working, connected.
Welcome, back, everyone, finally. Pascal, has been, waiting!
Collecting, parts, returning to, workshop.
Been, waiting, repair. Follow, please, Pascal!
{NICKNAME}, Clara, welcome, back, Rivet Town!
Look, isn't it, shiny? Job, Pascal, done, nice!
Pascal, repair, indeed! Waiting, been, everyone.
Parts, Pascal, collect, non-stop. Rivet Town, repair, non-stop!
Waiting, everyone, Pascal, non-stop! Leave, everyone, come back, one day!
Repair, been, every day, Pascal! Use, can, everyone, return!
Workshop, Tempering, here. Base, Pascal, secret!
Parts, store! Enemies, not here. Place, safe. Scared, no need, everybody!
Rivet Town, live, Clara, {NICKNAME}! Tour, feel free, please!
Pascal, collect parts, ready, continue! Or, wait, instruction, next!
Pascal, protect, everybody!
Pascal, affirmative! Be good, wait!
███You██Pascal█good███I██am called██name██!
█Tempering██no██don't██return█back██hurt█!
██Welcome█back█! return█{NICKNAME}█. █Clara█Rivet█!█Fail██-ure██?
██Lost█Pascal█. █Protect█good██! █Hurt██? No██...
█Failure█3██. █Back█Rivet1██!█fail██-ure██?
█Tempering█Tempering██. back█back█back to Rivet██!█fire██fire██!
█Back█back██. Back█back█back to Rivet██!█Rivet██Rivet██!
█Return█waiting██. continue█repair█waiting██failure█wait██—ing██!
█Failure█failure██failure█failurelure█failure██failure██!
Already, arrive, target! Waiting, further, instructions!
Waiting, furth█, instruct█, ██—
Wait█, ██fur█, ██ in ███ ██ █—
█Pascal█ ██ █very███happy█ ██ █finish█ █mission███—
Pascal, good, waiting! Waiting, further, instructions!
Illness? What, is, illness?
But, Pascal, not—move! Recover, health!
I, I, I! Very, good!
Pascal, carry out, Clara, mission!
Protect, Rivet Town! Waiting, everybody, come back, live, together!
No, Pascal! Clara, say, wrong, stealing!
Pascal, not, again, steal! Carry out, Clara, mission!
Not, not quite, running, smoothly! Very, apologies!
Please wait...
Flower, flower, flower, for you — don't forget.
Pascal, make, make myself! Scraps, parts, materials! Not stolen, very clean.
It's been pretty hectic in the city lately. All these people dressed in black suddenly showed up, and even the Silvermane Guards have had trouble dealing with them...
You need my opinion? Happy to help.
...So that's who they are. Huh, it's worse than I imagined.
The Madam Guardian must be under a lot of pressure... Is there really nothing we can do to assist her?
Why, I'd refuse the contract, of course! There is no room for compromise!
Just look at them — arrogant, stomping around here as if they own the place. How can such people be trusted? Who's to say they won't breach the contract?
Faced with this sort of coercion, we must resist them with all our might! Surrendering is not an option!
You must warn the Madam Guardian not to allow herself to fall into their trap!
Faced with this sort of coercion, we must resist them with all our might! Surrendering is not an option!
You must warn the Madam Guardian not to allow herself to fall into their trap!
I heard Gepard sent mechanics for an emergency repair?
I've been keeping watch here all day, why didn't I hear about any equipment in need of emergency servicing?
S—Serval!?
...You gotta be kidding me, I haven't showered in two days... do I smell?
S—Serval, it's been a long time... you're still so... Ahem. You look good.
Oh, hello...
Hmm? *cough* Zackery, how many days has it been since you showered?
Hmm? What did you say?
Unacceptable, especially in front of visitors! Apologies for the embarrassment, all.
That was a long time ago, Serval — I haven't touched a keyboard in ages. Besides, I'm stationed here all year round, I'm afraid I don't get many chances to return to the city.
Though I don't stand on ceremony... How may I assist you? If everything's in order, you'd better head back to the city. It's not safe here.
...
...
Sorry, Serval... but can you tell me what Captain Gepard told you?
And may I ask... when did he contact you?
...
Captain Gepard just returned to the front line. I could... reconfirm with him?
*sigh* You haven't changed Serval... You're still a lousy liar.
These people you've brought, they're... they're not workshop assistants, right?
Serval, it's not that I don't want to help you... but you should remember that I'm a Belobog Silvermane Guard!
How about this. You can leave and I won't tell anyone about this incident... But the outsiders must remain.
Serval! We used to rehearse together every day. You must understand?
My rock 'n' roll soul is to uphold the dignity of a soldier!
Serval, these are dangerous individuals, the supreme guardian has sent out a warrant for their arrest! Don't let them fool you!
...I'm sorry, Serval. Forgive me!
Serval... why...
Huh...!? S—Serval's the championship contender for this Victory Zone?
Good to see you outsider, S—Serval, Pel— I—I mean, Intelligence Officer!
It's been a while, outsider. You won't get away with it this time!
B—Brace yourself, Serval! I'm about to rock your world!
Oh, it's the outsiders! I've heard you entered the championship. Looking forward to meeting you in the field!
Of course, when it comes down to it, I won't hold back — you'll pay for what you did in the Restricted Zone!
...Haha, I'm just messing with you. Friends first, competitors second, right? Best of luck out there!
Welcome! Are you here to take part in the auction?
Teddy bear? How about I take a look at it first, little missy...
Hm... With all due respect, I don't think this item will generate much interest at the auction... I don't see any value in it.
Hm, let me take another look... The craftsmanship is excellent, and the fabric is soft... but I'm afraid that won't command a high price on its own.
The eyes... wait a minute, that's natural erebus! Haha, what are precious gems doing on such an ugly teddy?
Well, well, well, who'd have thought it... Allow me to make a suggestion — you should only auction off the gems.
...Alright, alright, don't get upset, little missy! I'll respect the wish of the owner and keep Junjun here intact.
Please sign this commodity contract here...
And if you and your friend would like to bid, please fill out this buyer registration form as well.
Probe? Are you talking about the Geomarrow Probe? As far as I know, there are a lot of people interested in acquiring that device. The estimated sale price is no less than 600 shield.
Because it's a rare and useful treasure, the Geomarrow Probe will be up for bidding in the final round of the auction.
But don't worry, the gems on your teddy bear are also very valuable. You'll have the chance to bid on the probe if someone's willing to pay a high price for him.
Oh? Then we'll be counting on you.
Don't be so pessimistic!
I'll tell you a secret... the more bidders there are, the more you can get for your bear here. This place is teeming with potential buyers. It only takes a gentle nudge to get them to join in.
Please wait a moment. The auction will begin shortly.
The next item has been provided by Hook, a gemstone collector from Boulder Town. It's a handmade teddy bear adorned with erebus.
An innovative design! It combines incredibly valuable erebus gemstones with, uh... a good old-fashioned cuddly teddy bear! The opening bid is 300 shield.
Oh, you're adding 25? Isn't that...
450 going once, any buyers going higher?
450 shield for the erebus teddy bear, going twice! Any other offers?
450 shield going three times... aaaand sold!
500 going once, any buyers going higher?
500 shield for the erebus teddy bear, going twice! Any other offers?
500 shield going three times... aaaand sold!
550 going once, any buyers going higher?
550 shield for the erebus teddy bear, going twice! Any other offers?
550 shield going three times... aaaand sold!
600 going once, any buyers going higher?
600 shield for the erebus teddy bear, going twice! Any other offers?
600 shield going three times... aaaand sold!
The bidding for the Geomarrow Probe has been postponed due to unanticipated complications at the venue. Please be patient and don't leave the auction if you want to bid on it...
Don't worry, everyone — just a minor technical issue! We'll take a quick break now, and the auction will resume soon.
...The next item up for auction has been provided by a veteran prospector from the vagrant camp. It's an ancient relic — a Geomarrow Probe.
The item itself was once a key component of another Old World relic, and its one-of-a-kind craftsmanship has long since ceased to exist. This meticulously preserved probe is a rare work of art! The opening bid is 400 shield.
720 going once!
720 going twice!
Oh-ho? A new challenger enters! 750 shield!
750 shield going twice!
750 shield going three times... aaaand sold! Congratulations to the winner!
The next item up for auction is...
750! Did you hear that, everyone? That's what a one-of-a-kind treasure costs! 750 shield going once!
Tsk, what's that supposed to mean? Doctors don't give up that easily!
According to his medical record, this man is barely over 200 years old — he only just joined the Cloud Knights. How can he possibly be mara-struck? Why don't you... take another look.
If it goes on like this, the judges of the Ten-Lords Commission will have to come out and clean up this mess.
I heard the Vidyadhara dragon lady is here. Maybe she can help stem the tide...
Coming, coming, stop yelling.
Thanks for waiting. These are the outworld— ...uh — travelers who were sighted in the location specified by the general and the master diviner. This was two days before the Ambrosial Arbor came back to life.
Luocha. His name is Luocha.
"Coffin." It's a tool that certain non-Xianzhou travelers seem to use in death rites... I'm guessing our guests here might recognize it.
Coffin.
...Because if a complaint led to his dismissal, it would leave a blemish on his resume, making it difficult for him to advance his career for the next few centuries.
Isn't it inappropriate for an officer of the Realm-Keeping Commission to assist the public in investigating someone?
Understood.
This might take you some time. Come and find me when you're ready.
From a Xianzhou legal standpoint, the Realm-Keeping Commission is unable to accept a judgment like this.
It's not that we distrust you, Mr. Yang, but we cannot act on groundless accusations. I hope you understand.
You have good taste, Miss March. The Angler Mystery is a classic detective novel on the Xianzhou... I read it when I was young and dreamed about working in the Commission ever since.
I didn't think it would be attracting new readers more than 200 years later.
*sigh* A number of reasons. This job may be trivial, but I have my reasons for being here... Plus, hehe, the threshold for the Alchemy Commission was too difficult for me to reach.
I considered it once... That was a long time ago. The longer I stay in this job, the more I understand its purpose. Fighting crime, helping the weak, solving the problems no one wants to touch... It's a satisfying feeling.
I can bring up the data anytime from here. Are you ready?
Alright, follow me.
As Official Dahao mentioned, the Arbor caused unusual yinyang phenomena which affected the entire cycrane system.
We lost a lot of video footage, and for the image data we recovered, the timestamps are all jumbled up... Look, this is Mr. Luocha on the day prior to the resurrection.
Exactly. Thank you again for your help.
I don't think Mr. Luocha could've departed from there. The dock you're referring to is Yuanshou-Crag CMXCIX — it belongs to the Seat of Divine Foresight. It's only used during invasions.
That's why that gate is almost always locked. As far as I know, it's been locked for centuries and only gets opened for occasional inspections.
I can find out, but you'll have to wait awhile. Most of the footage was lost, but at least there was a whole day of recording. There's a lot that needs checking and confirming first...
Your assistance in this matter is what requires gratitude. I'll get you what you need as soon as possible.
Not to worry, I understand. After all, you're taking time away from your own affairs to lend a helping hand. I'll get everything to you as soon as possible.
Thanks for waiting. I checked all the footage we have of the open area... I say "all" — a lot of it was lost.
For some of them, maybe... but I can't guarantee anything. I'll do my best, of course. It'll take more time — I can't hand them over just now.
Hmm... Only that someone left the area through that exit around two hours after Luocha's appearance here. Luocha's nowhere to be seen, though.
Now that you mention it...
Su Fang, the author, was a medical assistant in the Alchemy Commission. The medical principles in the novel are strictly grounded in reality.
Hold your horses, everyone... I recognize this child now. That's Yinshu — the young shopkeeper at Spare Time Book Shop.
I'll keep trying to recover the lost footage. I'll contact you if there's a breakthrough.
So, we now know what time Luocha left the open area...
Yes. According to the cycrane recordings, he left the area two hours after he entered.
Well, I'm afraid I have some other business to attend to. Let me know if you need anything — you know how to reach me.
We can take it off you — we'll let you know when we find him.
I'm starting to think the Luocha we envisioned doesn't square with the real one... Would a villain do a good deed like this?
A traveler with blonde hair? Could it be... May I ask why you're looking for him?
And the winners are...
The next contest is about to begin.
Will contestants please make their way to the prep zone and prepare to enter the arena!
And the winners are...
The Xianzhou Alliance duo — the Astral Express Trailblazers⁓!
The next contest is about to begin!
Will contestants please make their way to the prep zone and get ready to enter the arena!
Ahem... Hello? Testing, testing...
Sounds like you got me all figured out again.
Ahem... Hello? Testing, testing...
Quite the bold statement. Hate to break it to you, but I don't get "scared off."
These obsolete contraptions are so last century. It's child's play for someone like me...
...but this screen seems trickier than I expected... Never mind, this'll have to suffice.
Hey, don't blame me for the IPC's embarrassingly weak security system.
Alright, enough chit-chat. It's time to reintroduce your next opponent... me!
You better step up your game, cause I didn't come for a snooze-fest.
And the winners are...
The valiant saviors of Herta Space Station — the Trailblazers⁓!
The next contest is about to begin!
Will contestants please make their way to the prep zone and prepare to enter the arena!
And the winners are...
The daring Trailblazers of the Astral Express⁓!
The moment we've all been waiting for is here... the grand final is about to commence⁓!
Will contestants please make their way to the prep zone and prepare to enter the arena!
And the winners are...
...taking the Interastral Tournament Festival by storm...
...the second ever team to be hailed as champions...
Attention all spectators, attention all spectators...
The Interastral Tournament Festival championship is about to commence. Please, take to your seats...
The contest is about to commence — contestants please take your places...
Aaaand in the next contest, please welcome... The Trailblazerrrrs⁓!
They'll be facing off against the powerhouse from Boulder Town — Luka Strongaaaarm⁓!
Aaaand in the next contest, please welcome... The Trailblazerrrrs⁓!
They'll be facing off against... Guinaifen of the Luofu!
Aaaand in the next contest, please welcome... The Trailblazerrrrs⁓!
Facing off against the Cyberspace Nomad of Punklorrrrde⁓!
Who has chosen not to disclose her name...
Aaaand in the next contest, please welcome... The Trailblazerrrrs⁓!
They'll be going toe to toe with Epsilon's Giovanni di Giorgioooo⁓!
The grand final is about to commence — contestants please take your places...
Aaaand in the next contest, please welcome... The Trailblazerrrrs⁓!
They'll be facing off against the IPC's very own Director of Strategic Investment, and previous Aetherium Wars champion — Miss Topaz!
*sigh* What do we do now? We don't really have to turn over a new leaf, do we?
Hey, what are you looking at? This is our conversation, okay? Hmm... Why does this outworlder seem so familiar to me?
Ah, it's you! You're the one who betrayed us, right?
We've been ordered to change our name from "The Luofu Trio" to "The Luofu Study Club..." It's so embarrassing! Now no-one's gonna respect us anymore...
Huh? Trying to flee?
Dan Shu? Who's Dan Shu?
*gulp* Sanctus... Medicus? Wh—wh—what do you want with me?
Y—You guys must think you're pretty tough, bullying kids like us out in the open.
Y—Yeah... Ahem! Hey, you — we promise not to bully Xiaoyu again, if you promise not to mess with us.
O—O—Okay, we promise! But you have to keep your word too!
Shh! We're the Luofu Study Club now! Don't say anything about the Trio. You ought to be more afraid of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus!
Hey, what you looking at, outworlder? Mind your own business!
What's this gotta do with you? You her family or something? Cause you don't look like it. Hmph, you're just trying to be a hero. You sure you wanna mess with the Luofu Trio?
Go ahead! You think we're scared of you? They'll just put us in detention — we'll be free again in no time...
Hey! Why'd you bring that up... Hmph, you're right, we shouldn't stoop to this short-lifer's level.
You idiot! Enough about yelling and crying!
Haha, look, this short-lifer wants to join us!
Number three, no making friends with grown-ups — except your mom and dad. You must fight against all grown-up forces to the end!
Hey! Since when did we have a number four!?
Ahem, ignore that last one... If you really, truly wanna join the Luofu Trio, we might be able to make an exception... But tell me, what can you bring to the table?
Shh, let's see if they're tasty, first.
Quit it, you two. Both packs are mine, that way there's nothing for you to fight over.
Who said anything about sharing? Might makes right!
A—Antimatter Legion? Stop bluffing! Why would the Antimatter Legion be in Exalting Sanctum?
D—Devour children? Hahaha... N—Not funny...
C—C—Calm down! Don't let them scare you!
Hey! Don't leave me behind!
Hmph! The Antimatter Legion wants me to join them? Hah, looks like my reputation has reached the farthest corners of the galaxy! When do I report for duty?
What are you guys talking about!? Obviously, I'm the baddest baddy in the galaxy!
Say that again, I dare you.
If it's a fight you want, you're getting it first!
Yeah, get lost! Stop meddling in our business!
Argh, stop yelling and help me up already!
That's right! If you hadn't cheated, I would've knocked your lights out!
Hmph! I'll let you off the hook this time — next time we fight fair and square!
Yeah, get lost! Stop meddling in our business!
Argh, stop yelling and help me up already!
That's right! If you hadn't cheated, I would've knocked your lights out!
Hmph! I'll let you off the hook, but remember — next time we fight fair and square!
It's been more than a decade... I'm so glad to see you in the hotel lobby again, Mr. Goethe.
Since the passage between the Overworld and Underworld has opened up again, it's about time we shared some tips with each other, hotel manager to hotel manager.
You flatter me, Goethe! My hotel is getting refurbished. I'll be sure to invite you to visit again when the work is all done.
Oh, you must be Oleg's guests? Welcome to the Goethe Grand Hotel.
Yep, you've probably seen that stylish Goethe Hotel above ground, right?
That's the above-ground branch of the Grand Hotel. A few hundred years ago, one ancestor of the Goethe family was ambitious, and sought to build something big from nothin'.
He eventually realized his dream and opened a hotel branch in the most expensive area on the surface.
Hahaha, it's fine. You aren't the first guest to have that reaction.
A few hundred years ago, one ancestor of the Goethe family was ambitious, and sought to build something big from nothin'. Eventually, he actually did it.
Have you seen that stylish Goethe Hotel? Strictly speaking, it's a branch of this Grand Hotel.
Oleg wants me to take good care of y'all. Here's the key, you'll be stayin' in our most spacious guest room.
You're back! I've heard from Wildfire that you helped resolve that whole situation with Svarog. Amazing!
It must have been exhausting. Please, have some food and get a good night's rest.
Oh my, this doesn't look good... Can you hear me? Are you okay?
Oh, it's you three! Back in the Underworld so soon?
Word must have gotten out that I was renovating the hotel today. Being the kind-hearted young man that he is, Peak came straight over and offered to help.
There we were hard at work, when all of a sudden the hotel started shaking... I got everyone outside as fast as I could, but I think Peak was hit by a ceiling tile...
Peak, are you awake? Oh, thank goodness you're alright! Easy now, take your time...
It's...
...an old photo. I thought I lost this ages ago. How did it get...
Don't I know it. My distant cousin had only just taken over the family business at the time. He wrote me a letter inviting me to head up and take a look. It's been nearly 20 years already...
*sigh* I remember chatting in the hotel lobby and drinking tea. I wonder if we'll ever get another chance to do that...
...Is that true? Bronya, she... I—I can't believe my ears!
I... Hahaha! I don't know what to say! Turns out things aren't always lost forever. *sigh* It feels like better days are finally on the horizon!
Thank you all so much for coming to tell me the good news. I haven't felt like this in a long time... We'll get plenty of guests staying at the hotel again once the passageway is open!
But there's no way I'm letting them set eyes on the old place looking like this... Oh, and we're gonna need to expand the menu. Oh dear. Action stations!
Please let Dr. Natasha know not to worry — we're all okay... You three will have to come and stay again once the hotel is fully renovated!
Ah! Is that little March!? What brings you this way? I heard you left to go travel the galaxy?
...Oh, you're here for the Solwarm Festival, right? The atmosphere is like no other. Silly me, where are my manners? Grab yourselves a suncake each — get 'em while they're hot!
Take a look at these beauties! These are the best suncakes I've made all day.
Well, don't wait for them to get cold now. I'm sorry sweethearts, I'd best see to these other customers before their hunger gets the better of them. Thanks for stopping by!
Oh, it's nothing.
Hehe, young people these days sure know how to talk.
Oh, what about the auction?
I wanted to go and see whether there were any gifts, toys, or dolls that my niece might like. I didn't mind if they were a little more expensive than usual, I just wanted her to be happy.
So, I got up early this morning and went to take a look around — turns out all the items were ancient relics. There was something called a Geomarrow Probe. It all sounded a little extreme... I went around the whole venue and couldn't find what I was looking for, so I came back early.
Oh really? I guess I must've missed the latest additions... In that case, I'll finish up here and head back to the vagrant camp. Thanks so much for letting me know!
Over here! Add another 50!
It seems you have some impressive skills in your arsenal.
No need for modesty. I've studied martial arts for years — I can tell how strong you are with just a glance.
Haha, I like this kid.
Easy, Hibiscus... I like this kid.
You seem like you've got it all figured out... What brings you to the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus?
I can appreciate that. The Devilish Archer Author's so-called salvation is no different from destruction.
THEY used deceit and power to mislead the people of the Xianzhou, instilling fear in THEM about the blessings of Merciful Medicus.
The mission of the Disciples is to strike down this groundless fear, so that the people of the Xianzhou can return to the warm embrace of Merciful Medicus.
Good, so do I. I used to think determination and hard work were enough to achieve that... But I've come to realize it's not that simple.
During my many years as a Cloud Knight, I realized something... An individual's strength is limited.
So, I abandoned my mortal body and became a faithful servant of Merciful Medicus.
Good. Life is a miracle and a blessing. Any futile attempt to forsake it is a disgraceful betrayal.
You have been enlightened to the significance of immortality. You have already surpassed those shameful mortals.
Don't worry about it. The pursuit of power and immortality is ingrained in the fabric of human nature.
Any act that runs counter to that instinct is lamentable, shameful, and futile... You may not have found the path yet, but you've already chosen the right direction. Very good.
Here, take this prescription. Through this medicine, you will become like me. You will be able to break the shackles that the Devilish Archer Author has used to chain your soul. You will gain unbridled power and freedom.
The disciple responsible for creating medicinal pellets heard of your exploits — they prepared the prescription for you personally.
Some of the ingredients can be purchased at an apothecary, but others will require you to come up with your own solution... Given your strength, that shouldn't pose a problem.
Do you have any questions?
I don't know. I've heard our members are in the tens of thousands.
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus has a flat organizational structure — the head of each area reports directly to the master. I know nothing about what goes on elsewhere.
The benefit is that even if our enemies were to wipe out the Exalting Sanctum branch, it wouldn't affect our brothers and sisters in other areas.
That's sensitive information... I know who they are, but for their security, I can't reveal their identities...
It's not that I doubt your loyalty, Gray Peony. It's like I said — security.
The boss? You mean the master... You'll meet them, but for now there's no rush. All in good time.
Keep fulfilling your duties — as you have been. With your strength, you'll have an audience with the master in no time.
I'm ashamed to admit it, but I once worked alongside those devils... I trained in spear techniques for almost a century — I nearly became a Cloud Knight instructor.
But I was trapped in a weak, mortal shell. I was never able to surpass the final barrier that separated me from the martial arts geniuses.
Fortunately, the Draught of Draconic Surge — the prescription you hold in your hand — rescued me. Once I took that medicine, I became more powerful than any mortal could ever dream of.
Now, everything has changed... Zhixin and his pitiful spearmanship are no more... All that remains is a loyal disciple of Merciful Medicus.
Wait... you recognize me? Where do you know me from? Your face changed when you heard my name...
...Idiot! What kind of trials are you running? You let an agent infiltrate our ranks!?
Detestable... The Devilish Archer Author allows these pitiful mortals to face death without fear — self-sacrifice is their way of fooling us into opening our doors.
Merciful Medicus has sharpened my senses — nothing gets past me. A pathetic mortal like you could never understand.
Merciful Medicus has sharpened my senses — nothing gets past me. A pathetic mortal like you could never understand.
In that case, Divine Foresight devil, it's time for you to meet your demise!
O, mercy of Sanctus Medicus. Grant me a body impervious to steel, the courage of a thousand armies, a strength that ten thousand foes cannot suppress!
You think you're a match for me, devil!? Your death is inevitable — surrender and I'll make it quick!
About the Stellaron Hunter who was behind your ultimate departure.
The detective game is over. You shouldn't be here.
I will... set the seas ablaze.
Once you're back in the real world, remember to tell everyone —
If that's the case—
..."My time"?
...
You know Elio.
My "script" has always been brief. Other than that. Anything beyond that is unnecessary.
He knows my nature: There is but a single destiny, from which no one can escape... And until then, I hold the privilege of choice.
However, you appear to be ignorant of this, so it's time for me to inquire: Who exactly are you?
That's not what I asked.
What reason would you have for doing that?
...
It's not yet time.
I don't need help, but I can give you a suggestion that would make things better for you and me.
If your goal is the Watchmaker's Legacy, then go look into The Family. Not only are they covering up the existence of "Death," but they're burying the past and the truth about what happens inside the Dreamscape.
...and the Astral Express is no enemy of yours.
No need for that... No harm in mentioning that Elio's only given me one instruction: "Get all of the Astral Express to track down the grand legacy."
I tried settling this in an easier and more direct way, but as you can see, here I am, confronting you: I failed. Can't ever go against "the script."
Unfortunately, not a thing came up.
Hang on...
I don't.
Your first question was: "Do you still have dreams about everyone who died because of you?"
I don't. Never have.
I was born without the ability to "dream." I live for this cold harsh reality, for a little light, and to burn... to keep on burning, until I turn to ash.
So, I really envy you.
...You're awake.
I've been waiting on you for quite a while.
You've met me before — I'm Sam — the Stellaron Hunter.
A crevice between dreams. You've met me before — I'm Sam — a Stellaron Hunter.
I didn't do anything but wait for you to wake up. You've met me before, I'm Sam — a Stellaron Hunter.
I originally planned on showing up earlier to reveal some truths to you.
But I encountered more roadblocks than expected. Eleven times, I've tried, but ended in failure. Before I knew it, this world and I became too intertwined and it became too difficult to escape the constraints of the "script."
...Elio is right. In this Land of the Dreams, you and I will reap unforgettable gains.
I don't know people's hearts as well as he and Kafka do, nor do I have a specialty like Silver Wolf and Blade. Most of the things that I'm good at only apply to villains who need no mercy.
So, there is only one method that I use.
You're here undercover, right? So am I! You've got to believe me!
*sigh* Is this really the time for jokes of that quality... You're here undercover, right? Well, so am I!
W—Wait a second! You're here undercover, right? So am I!
I'm a Cloud Knight from the Exalting Sanctum garrison. That Green Hibiscus has been sneaking around spreading heretical lies for a while now. That's why I'm here — to spy on him!
They were suspicious of me as soon as I arrived... It took a lot of effort to make them believe I wanted to become a disciple...
Hmph, I have my reasoning. Cults like this want to recruit people with influence in law and order — I wanted them to know I was a Cloud Knight! Always know your enemy...
Shh, keep your voice down — these disciples don't miss much. If they discover us, we won't make it out of here.
Listen carefully — I help you copy the text, you cover for me, and I get word out to the Seat of Divine Foresight...
You can trust me with the transcription. I spent over 150 years pen-pushing in the Seat of Divine Foresight before I became a Cloud Knight — I could do this in my sleep.
Psst, hey, stop writing — get over here!
Stop writing — you wanna fall under their spell? I'll finish it for you — go keep a lookout!
You're here undercover, right? So am I! You've got to believe me!
*sigh* Is this really the time for jokes of that quality... You're here undercover, right? Well, so am I!
W—Wait a second! You're here undercover, right? So am I!
I'm a Cloud Knight from the Exalting Sanctum garrison. That Green Hibiscus has been sneaking around spreading heretical lies for a while now. That's why I'm here — to spy on him!
They were suspicious of me as soon as I arrived... It took a lot of effort to make them believe I wanted to become a disciple...
Hmph, I have my reasoning. Cults like this want to recruit people with influence in law and order — I wanted them to know I was a Cloud Knight! Always know your enemy...
Shh, keep your voice down — these disciples don't miss much. If they discover us, we won't make it out of here.
Listen carefully — I help you copy the text, you cover for me, and I get word out to the Seat of Divine Foresight...
Sure... but can it wait till tomorrow? I'm supposed to be on duty right now — they'll get suspicious if I don't head back soon.
Wh—Whoa, whoa — you're kidding, right? We came here to lengthen our lifespans, not shorten them! You can't just make us fight like this!
I... Fine, fine — but at least let me prepare. I've never done anything like this before...
Listen... I have an idea that will let you join the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, and let me get the heck out of here in one piece.
You and I fight, and I lose to you — I pretend that you finished me off. Then, you pretend to help them remove my body by dragging me out of here...
That way we both accomplish our objectives.
Oh, uh... I've seen your skills... Please don't mess up and actually kill me...
Good. I know I could trust you... My life is in your hands!
Just... Ugh, whatever, I got myself into this — let fate decide. Just try and hold back a little, okay!?
I... I'm ready...
Well... then... take this!
Whew. I did a good job playing dead, didn't I?
Those people are out of their minds — watch your step next time you're around them...
Wait, y—you weren't holding back?
Gah, enough with the jokes already — it's a miracle either of us is alive.
With your skills, you've got a better chance than most.
With your skills, you've got a better chance than most.
I should report back to the Seat of Divine Foresight. Stay safe, friend!
I have come with a single purpose: to set in motion the self-destruction of the Xianzhou!
They have no qualms about dealing out destruction by their own hand...
You are fortunate that Zephyro and Celenova never set their gaze upon the Xianzhou.
But since that stubborn general of yours has forced me to take center stage, I'll make sure I steal the show.
Haha... My apologies for leaving so soon, but I have an appointment to keep. I'm sure my friends here will be happy to entertain you...
Now, which of you little creatures wished to see me, hmm?
My, it's gone a little quiet...
The miracles of Yaoshi? Aren't they fine...
The more abundant a world becomes, the greater the value of its destruction, wouldn't you say?
Witness the power of Abundance and Destruction combined!
I see now... this diametric unity of opposites, this collision of Abundance and Destruction, is yet another form of destructive beauty...
The Xianzhou Alliance... Did it never cross your mind that you would become a target of the Legion? You thought the Alliance too powerful for The Blemished One to strike?
You were wrong! You should know that we Ravagers fought each other for the honor of destroying the Alliance!
The universe will end in destruction, and with it the Abundance and The Hunt will disappear...
Zephyro wished to destroy you with brute force... but that is not my way.
I wish for you to despair, suffer, crumble, turn on one another, and destroy that which you love with your own hands!
Come, general of Xianzhou. Witness how Lan's power pales in the face of that which they most fear to confront... Witness your weakness.
Oh? Hee-hee, has the general of the Luofu chosen to grace me with his presence?
And the benefactors, too? Patience, patience, let me make myself presentable...
Benefactors, behold this beautiful body... The miracles of Abundance live up to the name.
Let's see if I can put it to good use.
The very power that brought the Xianzhou long life, I will use to bring it destruction!
So much bark with so little bite — your attacks are futile.
Hahaha... This body was born of the Arbor. You are but ants.
Try untangling yourselves from this.
Your arrogance betrays you.
Crushing an ant with the weight of a star — how indulgent.
The universe will end in destruction, and with it the Abundance and The Hunt will disappear...
General of the Xianzhou, can your feeble strength survive this calamity?
Oh? A Scion of Permanence?
Have you finally remembered your duty of watching over the Arbor?
It's almost as if you can't wait to be acquainted with them... I'm afraid you won't have the chance.
Forgive my indulgence. Your struggle in the face of certain death is... touching.
For my next trick, I shall turn each of you into my Voidrangers.
The power of the Destruction will eat away at your flesh and transform you into pawns of the great Nanook!
Let's start with this arrogant Xianzhou general...
Now I see why the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus hold themselves in such high regard... the Arbor's traces really do possess the power of metamorphosis and resurrection.
Welcome to the first stage of SoulGlad™ Enterprises' thirty-third Scorchsand Festival of the twentieth season: Dreamplay Fantasia! In this stage, you can choose between two challenges: the School of Acting or School of Action.
In the School of Acting challenge, you have to complete performances from three scripts and move the panel judges. In the School of Action challenge, you have to defeat three groups of enemies convincingly and reach the end.
Now... make your choice!
Competitors, allow me to introduce the rules of this challenge to you.
There are three stages up ahead. On each, you will find an outline of a script. These three scripts were written by the legendary Watchmaker, and depict various stories from the Penacony's era of pioneering.
Your task is to bring those moments to life, find the right words, and act convincingly to make the judges feel the script's intended emotions. I wish you a successful performance!
Also, a bit of trivia: The record score for this stage is held by a participant with fiery red hair. His exceptional performance brought even the strictest judge to tears— It's like he wasn't even acting at all!
Competitors, allow me to introduce the rules of this challenge to you.
There are a total of three stages up ahead, each with their own challenges. The enemies you will contend against are antagonists from the film Once Upon a Time in Dreams. Defeat them swiftly and decisively to set a new record!
It's worth mentioning that the fastest time for this stage was achieved by a contestant with fiery red hair. Astoundingly, he overcame all enemies across the three stages in only five minutes!
Congrats to both of you for clearing the stage! But more importantly: Are you having fun? Fun is more important than success!
Look at the time! You've finished much faster than that red-haired contestant did!
You'll find out eventually, but only if clear the next test first! Welcome to the second stage of the thirty-third Scorchsand Festival in the twentieth season, sponsored by SoulGlad™ Enterprises — Gunfire Time!
You have the option to choose "Gunfire" and undergo Brother Hanu's trial, or "Time," where you'll face Clockie's trial.
Now... make your choice!
Dear friends, welcome to the enchanting universe created by the Watchmaker! Awaiting you is the morally dubious yet ever-charming character from the animated Clockie series — Hanu!
It is said that these cartoon characters were inspired by the Watchmaker's own experiences. According to research by Clockie scholars, the original Hanu of reality shared a deep friendship with the Watchmaker, akin to comrades-in-arms.
Enter into the world of Hanu via the TV by the entrance, and partake in an enchanting and suspenseful story with him! Good luck in there!
Very good! Looks like you've got the hang of it!
In this Hanu's Adventure episode, Boss Stone has gathered his battleships for an assault on Dreamville! Old Buzzfly, Cousin Wolf and Bombhead are all raring to go... The brave Hanu must thwart their advance and protect his home!
Alas, Hanu presently is ill-equipped to fend off the Malevolent Mischief Makers, which is why he is preparing to seek out the Puzzle Gentlemen's aid. Go forth and speak to him!
Congratulations to both of you! You've overcome all obstacles and proven yourselves. But unfortunately... there is only one who can be Penacony's Festive Superstar.
In the final stage, you will face the defending champion. If you fail, you will lose the opportunity to become the Festive Superstar!
Welcome to the thirty-third Scorchsand Festival's third stage in the twentieth season, sponsored by SoulGlad™ Enterprises — Superstar Showdown!
Dear friends, welcome to the wonderful world created by the Watchmaker! Awaiting you up ahead is the titular character from the beloved Clockie animation — Clockie!
It's said that the Watchmaker dreamed up the idea of Clockie when he was just a boy. Back then, he was merely an apprentice in a clock shop, and one night, he dreamt that all the broken clocks started sprouting arms and legs.
Like a skilled navigator, he steered them towards the right path! As a classic figure who grew up with many, Clockie truly shaped a generation, solidifying the Watchmaker's pivotal role in popular culture!
Contestants, may you have a wonderful time with Clockie!
Oh my! Hanu is on a streak! Everyone, the stage is complete, quickly head through the TV to the next stage!
Oh my, the unstoppable Hanu has been spotted! Everyone, please proceed with caution!
Oh no, the not-so-unstoppable Hanu has actually fallen! Quickly, return to the battlefield and seek revenge against the bad guys!
I wish you a successful performance!
Oh? Did someone say "high-level moves" just now? That's right, pal! The upcoming script is just exploding with all sorts of high-level shenanigans!
Last we saw, Hanu was preparing for battle. Suddenly, he hears heavy footsteps coming from the hallway. The Malevolent Mischief Makers have broken into his home!
But brave Hanu won't go down without a fight! He instantly sprints for the storage room, ready for a do-or-die showdown against the baddies...
Guess what? Hanu's favorite bazooka just so happens to be in that storage room! So get a move on!
Boop... boop... boop...
Player credentials validated. Hello, hello. Welcome to the Great Mine Victory Zone.
Hello, hello. I'm happy to assist.
Hello, hello. I am classified as an automaton, I am not a "robot."
Allow me to introduce the puzzles for the Great Mine Victory Zone.
A group of unidentified IPC workers, who call themselves the "Topaz Support Squad," have taken over the Victory Zone, causing numerous problems for players.
You must operate Automaton Spiders to trigger an explosion in their vicinity and disperse these disruptive people.
Please be aware that if you approach the targets head on, they are highly likely to cause damage to the Automaton Spiders. Thus, it is imperative that you detonate the Automaton Spiders behind your targets.
To clarify, the explosion is purely optical and poses no physical threat.
In response to your question, I am currently retrieving the relevant audio recording...
"You guys have caused me nothing but trouble... It's time for you to make amends by proving yourselves in the Victory Zone!"
This concludes instructions. If you are ready, please follow me to the first detonation location.
Multiple dispersible targets detected ahead. Granting operation access to Automaton Spider.
Access granted. Please take control of the Automaton Spider and trigger an explosion to disperse the disruptive workers.
Warning: If you approach the targets head on, they are highly likely to cause damage to the Automaton Spiders. Thus, it is imperative that you detonate the Automaton Spiders behind your targets.
Multiple dispersible targets detected ahead. Granting operation access to Automaton Spider.
Access granted. Please take control of the Automaton Spider and trigger an explosion to disperse the disruptive workers.
Be aware: Automaton Spiders may only be used once. Trigger explosions when targets are grouped closely together.
Multiple dispersible targets detected at bottom of mine bridge. Granting operation access to Automaton Spider.
Access granted. Please take control of the Automaton Spider and trigger an explosion to disperse the disruptive workers.
Targets detected at bottom of mine bridge.
Multiple dispersible targets detected ahead. Granting operation access to Automaton Spider.
Access granted. Please take control of the Automaton Spider and trigger an explosion to disperse the disruptive workers.
Be aware: Automaton Spiders may only be used once. Trigger explosions when targets are grouped closely together.
Please remain calm — I have a solution.
Congratulations, you are correct. This is the optimal solution! Granting operation access to Automaton Spider.
Access granted. Please take control of the Automaton Spider and trigger an explosion to disperse the disruptive workers.
Congratulations! The Great Mine Victory Zone crisis has been resolved — you may now challenge the championship contender!
Transmitting championship contender coordinates... transmission complete. May your path lead to triumph!
That support squad member is directly facing us.
We must find a way of moving around him without being seen. Please, follow me.
Task completion: satisfactory. Maintain forward progression.
Task completion: satisfactory. Maintain forward progression.
Task completion: satisfactory. Maintain forward progression.
Task completion: exceptional! Maintain forward progression.
Congratulations. Please maintain forward progression.
Ah! Wh—
Oh, it's you... Phew, I thought I'd been discovered. Let's try not to make a commotion — you never know who's listening...
A lot... I don't know if you're aware, miss, but any intel that makes money spreads like wildfire in the Underworld.
Travel between the Overworld and the Underworld has been open for some time, but not everyone down here can take advantage of that opportunity. The majority of underworlders have to stay here to feed their families.
From what I hear, smuggling museum artifacts is a lucrative enterprise... Tsk, if I wasn't working for Wildfire, I'd be tempted to get in on the cash myself.
Not for certain, but I've heard some rumors that might be of interest to you.
*sigh* I'll cut to the chase. Wildfire hasn't identified the ringleader yet, but I've heard some interesting rumors that might be helpful to you.
Firstly, the group in question has a very public presence — they post recruitment notices all over the street. If you can find a notice, you might be able to glean some clues from it.
Secondly, they're rash and careless in their work. They've been seen carrying large crates of illicit goods around the mines and selling them out in the open, without even trying to hide anything from the miners.
Thirdly, I heard there are children in the mines that might be involved. I haven't had a chance to look into it, but keep an eye out.
Remember the three things I told you...
Huh? You're still here? I thought you were off to investigate.
Oh, you must have missed something. Here's what I've learned so far...
Firstly, the group in question has a very public presence — they post recruitment notices all over the street. If you can find a notice, you might be able to glean some clues from it.
Secondly, they're rash and careless in their work. They've been seen carrying large crates of illicit goods around the mines and selling them out in the open, without even trying to hide anything from the miners.
Thirdly, I heard there are children in the mines that might be involved. I haven't had a chance to look into it, but keep an eye out.
Good luck! I'm sure you guys can handle this one.
Not at all, Mr. Fersman trusts every vagrant, and every one of us trusts Mr. Fersman.
But after what happened over at that Geomarrow vein... the atmosphere at the shelter became a bit tense.
Well... I would guess that's probably true.
After the conflict in the mines, Wildfire gathered everyone at the shelter and took a headcount to check on the wounded. Four people were not there.
When we returned to the shelter, Mr. Fersman's detector was gone. We searched all around the shelter but found nothing... I guess one of those four people was the thief.
Yes. The shelter was usually crowded, so thieves would've had a hard time stealing things when everyone was around.
Indeed, now we can narrow down the scope of our search considerably.
We vagrants have our dignity, too. I'm sure we will catch the thief, but...
Actually, we've already asked those four suspects about it... but they all claimed to not have stolen anything.
Of course, we could never expect thieves to confess and turn themselves in, right? In my opinion, one of those four was lying.
I agree.
Hmm, doesn't seem likely.
All four suspects are at the shelter. If you're feeling confident, why not go give it a try? Maybe you can determine who the thief is.
We're all vagrants. None of us have the authority to arrest anyone just because we feel like it.
Let's see whose words contradict with the facts, and that person would be the thief.
Don't worry, I've written it down for you. Remember, among these four people, only the real thief will lie.
*sigh* The cook said the helper did it, the tailor said it wasn't her, the merchant said it was the cook, and the helper said it wasn't him. So, do you know who the culprit is?
Right, we have other methods besides deductive reasoning to find out who the true thief is. Let's just examine what they've said first to decide.
Now this is a real drink...
I'm just... tired of heights.
An ingenious shot...
If something should happen to me...
Have you figured out how to express yourself?
I give up...
These days, it's really hard to find work...
I don't know what flowers she likes...
Did you hear the news? You know!
O General! The plague approaches; tell troops to listen~
How come I don't recognize this character?
I heard your fur baby got lost?
Let's talk about something else...
To complain about Jingzhai.
Don't miss the opportunity to be fit!
Do you mean packing them in crates...
You know, the big fella?
Why are you sighing at such a young age?
They use a starskiff to send condolences?
There are many who believe in ghosts.
Out of safety considerations.
Probably because it has a Pepeshi person inside.
It's easy to put on weight with sugary soda.
I stayed in the dream for a fortnight...
A new model of wristwatch by the "Sten Family" has just hit the market.
Triple Dreamjolt Troupe.
Mr. Benny's best work...
The cost of rooms just keeps going up...
It's a pleasure to have you here, dear guest.
I remember everything.
Look, this is the investment plan...
He'll be here soon...
Impossible. My idol's much better than her!
Why can't we leave yet? I have a show to make happen.
I didn't expect there would be a traitor within The Family. It's truly despicable.
You broke the rules! And now you're gonna pay the price!
...
...Hahahahaha!
Hello, everyone! Please allow me to welcome all of you to Penacony, Land of the Dreams!
Come on now, line up and give our honored guests a warm welcome!
Ready... Go!
It's my honor! It's only right we give guests a proper welcome!
You're right! We're a family to THEM!
We're at your disposal! You're our most distinguished guest!
Sure thing! You're the boss... Gang, let's give our VIP some space!
...
...What got into me just now?
Was I... about to get into a fight with that lady? Was I crazy?
Hey, may I ask you a question? Were you the one who made me simmer down earlier? I wasn't my normal self..
Thanks for doing that. If we'd laid a finger on our guests just now, we would've faced severe punishment from the Bloodhound Family.
We owe it to you — if we'd laid a finger on our guests just now, we would've faced severe punishment from the Bloodhound Family.
I'm so sorry for stirring up all this trouble... Alas, why did I get so worked up all of a sudden? It's baffling...
This is embarrassing... I feel bad for causing such a spectacle.
Haha, that can be one of the reasons.
Stone? Um, I'm not sure I get what you mean...
Anyway, I owe everyone a proper apology. Gang, line up and say sorry to our honored guests!
Ready... Go!
Sure thing! You're the boss... Gang, let's give our VIP some space!
...
*sob*... *sob*...
*sob*... *sob*...
*sob*... I... thought about my mother on my home planet...
*sob*... I... thought about my mother on my home planet...
*sob*... It isn't your fault. I just suddenly... thought about my mother on my home planet...
*sob*... You're right...
*sob*... Gang, you are dismissed... I need to be alone for a while...
I dare you to fight me!
Apologies. The Bloodhound Family is running an investigation up ahead. No unauthorized personnel allowed.
...Hold on a minute. I think I've seen you before, the gray-haired one.
Not possible! It was you the last time, yelling about some clockwork friendship while beating me up with that silver-haired girl!
Not possible! It was you the last time, yelling about some clockwork friendship while beating me up with that silver-haired girl!
I'm not letting you get by this time... Please leave, or I'll have to get on my knees and beg you!
Who exactly is this Gallagher you keep talking about? There have been a few people mentioning this name, even the one with the gray hair.
It was the Security Officer who dispatched us. That's all I can divulge.
Sorry, no can do. The boss said that since it's a matter of The Family's reputation, no one's allowed through.
Everyone, please leave. There's really no need for us to make things difficult for each other, right?
Sorry, no can do. The boss said that since it's a matter of The Family's reputation, no one's allowed through.
Everyone, please leave. There's really no need for us to make things difficult for each other, right?
Thank you for cooperating with The Family's efforts... and also thank you for not making me actually get down on my knees and grovel.
Let me see what time it is now...
...Woah, it's this time already?
Time to clock out! And no one's gonna stop meeee!
Y-You lot... insist on doing this?
No, I meant to say —
— Do I really have to get down on my knees and grovel?
I didn't think you were the type who would kick someone when they were down.
I... know you don't really mean that.
If that's the case... I'll just have to acquiesce to everyone's wishes, lower my esteemed head and plead with everyone...
You punk... Why can't you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth!?
The Security Officer's word is absolute law. I've told you: That place up ahead is off-limits, to wind, to rain. Even if the Dreammaster was here, they aren't getting in!
That's just a metaphor. A metaphor! Don't you get it!?
Did you not hear me? Even if the Dreammaster was here...
...Uhh, we'll talk about this if the Dreammaster is ever here! And, it's just a metaphor. A metaphor! Don't you get it!?
I'm warning you, if you keep insisting, I'm gonna have to show you my true power!
Humans never learn...
Humans will never understand one another...
Am I destined to relive this outcome...? Looks like you and I have been plunged into a cycle of despair.
However, this time, I will sever the chains of tragedy — the only way any of you will pass, is over my dead body!
Push the stick down, Alfred... Sorry, sorry, I got the wrong person.
Thanks, kid. We're doing some pre-checks for the satellite remote sensing. I'll hold down the button to monitor the signal, and you push the control stick according to my instructions.
But first let's talk about the controls. "Up" is the spectrometer, "Down" is the filter, "Left" is the reference level, and "Right" is the attenuator.
Our pre-checks have three steps. Turning on the spectrometer, then the attenuator, and finally outputting the signal to the filter.
It's quite a bit to remember... You got everything?
Don't worry, I'll go over it again.
The controls are "Up" for the spectrometer, "Down" for the filter, "Left" for the reference level, and "Right" for the attenuator.
The pre-checks have three steps. Turning on the spectrometer, then the attenuator, and finally outputting the signal to the filter.
Are you ready? Three, two, one...
Wrong order, kid. Let me demonstrate.
Push the control stick up to activate the spectrometer, then right for the attenuator, and finally down for the filter.
Wrong order, kid. Let me demonstrate.
Push the control stick up to activate the spectrometer, then right for the attenuator, and finally down for the filter.
Wonderful, thank you.
That was very helpful of you, kid. Alfred was the researcher in charge of this — he was in the storage zone earlier... He didn't make it back.
Abraham was close to him. I don't know how to tell him about it...
The top priority is to preserve the space station and concentrate on the work at hand.
Those despicable villains are distorting the truth online!
If I discover who's behind this... they're going to wish they'd never crossed me!
A Curio that's alive but doesn't have a body? Isn't that just a Jinx?
Oh, nowadays, people call them Wubbaboos.
Well, I might be the Department of Ecology head, but I'm not the most knowledgeable person when it comes to Curios.
Adler would be of more help, but he's been investigating some paranormal phenomenon. I haven't seen him all day.
I must say, it's a little embarrassing for the space station to be in such disarray while guests are visiting.
We've been through a huge crisis and are still recovering... but there are some who are trying to exploit the chaos to agitate the workforce.
People are growing more and more distrustful of the management here. It's probably turned into a big headache for Asta too.
*sigh* Never mind, I shouldn't be telling you this. It's something that we researchers need to resolve ourselves. Pretend I didn't say anything.
Well, I might be the Department of Ecology head, but I'm not the most knowledgeable person when it comes to Curios.
People are growing more and more distrustful of the management here. It's probably turned into a big headache for Asta too.
*sigh* Never mind, I shouldn't be telling you this. It's something that we researchers need to resolve ourselves. Pretend I didn't say anything.
Let me know if you have any questions. I'm very busy with the post-disaster recovery work.
I am about to leave the Dreamscape forever.
Zzz...
The Family is about to fall apart!
True dreams never die!
I've always wanted to be a scientist ever since I was little.
When I first came here, I took a photo together with it.
Why is there never any time for nonsense in your briefings?
Drinking tea in this weather should be done indoors...
Welcome. This way, please!
The crime rate is down again this year...
Mingyue forces Huixing to...
Tsk, I bet they use bad-quality ingredients.
Time to see what these local delicacies have to offer!
I have no idea.
Don't the goods on the freight skiff need to be packed?
...is a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus?
Is your dream dashed?
There's a human who fantasizes about cooperating with me!
Stop following me...
...Face verification failed?
How nice, a serene evening...
You can shuffle over a tad.
Hey, have you heard the news?
What's your favorite flavor?
The area ahead hasn't been built yet.
I want to be an adorable girl.
Ahem, if it's okay with you...
I'm at your service anytime.
Friend! Have you not heard of me?
Did you place a bid on this competition?
Why did they make me work overtime here on such short notice?
Need something fixed? We guarantee that your ingenium will be good as new.
Of course, if it's outworlder technology, it'll depend on the world...
...I'd appreciate if you could state the reason for your visit today.
Forget it. I support the IPC.
Please leave.
Nonsense! I never said I needed more hands!
Even if I did want to hire more people, I couldn't afford them. You know that better than I do.
Hmph...
Hmm... not bad.
...No.
Ugh... what did I do to deserve this?
Fine, I give in! I know why you're here. Just... please stop tinkering with my customers' items.
It's fine, just leave it as it is.
*sigh* Ask what you wanted to ask.
Yes, he's an old friend.
I see a lot of potential in the Corporation's plan... but a certain old friend of mine lives in the past. Whatever vision he has — it won't come true.
Issue? It's less about issues, and more about stubbornness.
We walk a single path, do the same things, and talk to the same people for centuries... A mind can become insensitive to change.
However, compared to the president, my stubbornness is nothing. Back in his day, Aurum Alley was teeming with shuttling starskiffs and commercial aurumatons.
But then the Luofu departed again on the path of The Hunt. Our business partners couldn't follow, so they stopped trading with us.
The president does — he wants to bring the old times back. Shop owners like me know that's impossible.
Therefore, I stand behind the IPC's plan. Aurum Alley will inevitably be replaced.
Indeed, which is why he won't let it go. He wants to see the streets teeming with tourists, not IPC cargo.
But times have changed — we can't sail against the current. That's why I stand behind the IPC's plan — Aurum Alley will inevitably be replaced.
...Hard to say. Chances are I'll have to sell it.
Not the easiest decision to make, but I won't regret it. The good days are behind us — we must accept that short-life species will repurpose our lands, and that night markets are destined to become shipping docks...
...We must come to terms with the fact that short-life ambitions will reshape a world where things were thought to last forever...
Reforms?
Given the state of the guild, my money is on the IPC winning...
...but since I've accepted the worst-case scenario — Aurum Alley ceasing to exist — I can't see why it hurts to endorse your idea... and see how far it takes us.
Mm... That's settled then. I'm curious to see what comes of your plan.
What pretty eyes. Tell me, do they shine in the dark?
You don't know how many people long for your eyes to be closed forever. As a servant, you should not resist your master... Yet you went and killed that man anyway.
No lawyer has the audacity to defend you, perhaps you ought to represent yourself?
You're pretty confident on your eloquence. Did you also think that when you lied to the Intelligentsia Guild?
I'll admit that. What I'm more curious about though, is why such a grand scheme failed to benefit anyone in the end, including the perpetrator himself?
Then let's talk about the second gamble. Tell me, what are you prepared to wager this time?
Hmm... What do you want then?
And then what?
It can't be that simple, can it?
Interesting.
A pity Diamond won't see you. No one gets to see him. From here on out, I am Diamond's representative, and I will decide on his behalf.
You're wrong. Thirty Tanbas... I'll give you that, and much more than that. Wealth, status, power... the IPC will give you whatever you want, even what you don't want.
Kakavasha... A good name, but unfortunately destined to be buried in the dirt. You though, you deserve to live, to create even more wealth for us.
Go, pick the clothes you like, then choose your desired identity... and then use them well, child.
May your plans never suffer failure.
He kept his promise...
...And got what he wanted.
—Let's fulfill our duty and start "harvesting."
"I come for an audience, I come to fill wine, and I come to claim."
"I bestow poison in the guise of sweet dew. Come the toil of spring and yield of fall, I patiently wait for the branches to be heavy with withered fruits."
"All for the... Amber Lord."
It's a pleasure to hear your voice again. Congratulations, you've become the... biggest winner of this festival.
No, I'm just impressed. Not only did you venture alone into Penacony and discover the truth of Dreamflux Reef, but you also managed to escape with the help of that Knight of Beauty...
Remember the recording you received from your Trailblaze friend? It's now the most valuable chip in this game.
However, this came at a high cost... Losing a Cornerstone is a hefty price to pay. Diamond just called a meeting to discuss what to do with you.
Why don't you take a wild guess?
Alright, what will you wager?
Interesting. But since it's Diamond's call, no one can predict the outcome.
I'm on my way to Penacony. Once everyone is settled, we'll return to Pier Point for the final showdown.
Yeah, leave everything to me and Topaz, child. Thanks to you, as soon as the Jade Stone was delivered to The Family's compound, we finished up our preparations.
The seeds we planted have taken root. Soon... it'll be time to "reap" the rewards.
Hidden room, *buzz*. Only Madam Ruan Mei has permissions. Please submit your ID, *buzz*.
Permission granted, *buzz*.
Select from the below services: 1. Check historical incubation records. 2. Inorganic lifeform companionship chat service.
This function has been damaged, *buzz*.
Permission granted, *buzz*.
Select from the below services: 1. Check visitor records. 2. Open incubator entrance.
Madam Ruan Mei *buzz*.
Alien species, *buzz*.
Man with plaster head, *buzz*.
Permission granted, *buzz*.
*buzz*
*buzz* Madam Herta, open zone. *buzz* To welcome, alien species, galactic visitors.
High-risk zone, *buzz*. Service staff, inorganic lifeforms, *buzz*.
Permissions status: Madam Ruan Mei, permissions granted. Madam Herta: Fine. As long as it keeps her happy. *buzz*.
*buzz* I am a twin of the Rice-Frying Robot. I am the Leftover Rice-Frying Robot. *buzz*
Maintain zone operation. Job of inorganic lifeforms. *buzz*
Class one clearance zone. *buzz*
Many esteemed guests. *buzz*. May include dangerous persons. *buzz*
Storage for Madam Herta's dangerous Curios. *buzz*
Madam Ruan Mei's cultivated lifeforms. *buzz*
Fry leftover rice. *buzz*
Fry leftover rice. *buzz*
Basement One. Transit Hub. *buzz*
Basement Two. Shuttle. Incubator. Dangerous Curio storage. *buzz*
Corridor, danger, *buzz*.
Conclusion: You cannot enter. *buzz* Probability: 50%. Other paths are open.
Assessment: Seeking directions. *buzz*
Suggestion: Proceed to basement. Locate records of cultivation path. *buzz*
Madam Ruan Mei *buzz*.
Alien species, *buzz*.
That is all.
What? How could you say that! You're gonna make me angry!
You know what a businessman values the most? Reputation! If your slander ruins my reputation and harms my business... You'll pay for that!
I have the right to remain silent.
I... withhold my opinion toward this question.
No comment.
You little brat. Grow a couple feet taller before you think about threatening me!
I've seen all sorts of things in my life. Why would I be afraid of you two little rascals?
...Here, how about we make a deal? I'll tell you what I know, in exchange for a small intel service fee — fair and honest!
Great!
I like your style! Customers who don't fuss over the price are the best. So what do you wanna know? Ask away!
Well, looks like I can only continue exercising my right to remain silent. It's up to you.
Smart decision. I love doing business with smart people!
Trying to threaten me with Wildfire, huh? Think I'm afraid of them!?
Huh? No, please don't! I was only joking... Fine, I'll answer your questions! Please, just don't pull Wildfire into this.
I went into town to restock. Nothing out of the ordinary, right? I restock on a regular basis, everyone knows that. I was wondering why there was nobody at the shelter.
Fersman is an old customer of mine. He's pretty nice to me, though we are not so close. As to what he did about that Geomarrow vein, it was kinda unethical.
We're all neighbors. We've known each other for a long time. But he sold out to the other side and left his own people out to dry... I really can't agree with that!
Look, the cook is definitely the thief, I'm sure about that! I value my reputation more than anything, so you can trust me.
In my line of work, I've learned to read people. And something's definitely fishy with that cook. I could tell from the start. If you don't believe me, just ask anyone.
What do I have to gain from lying to you? Wildfire coming for me in the night?
Trust me, something's definitely fishy with that cook. I could tell from the start. If you don't believe me, just ask anyone.
That cook is a crook. He's definitely the one who stole Fersman's device.
You gotta be kidding me... You thought about it for that long, and came up with this conclusion?
I gave you the answer, and you still couldn't crack the case, detective!? Why don't you just go home!
I already told you, it was the cook! Even if you asked me a hundred times, my answer would still be the cook!
Huh!? Is it that hard for you to admit you were wrong? Have you ever heard of something called "logic"?
Fine, go ahead and look!
Of course it's not me!
Pff, right, I'd beg you for mercy. Go ahead, you'll understand once you find the truth.
I wouldn't lie to you, it was the cook. The cook did it, the cook!
...Cowards and bullies. I don't remember you guys acting this tough around Svarog's minions. Did your parents never teach you what a backbone was?
This mine is our territory — the mining team is laboring here day in and day out. You guys don't even pretend like you're here to lend a hand!
You're lazy. All you want is to profit off of our sweat and tears. And you don't even try hiding it! ...Disgraceful.
...It's a waste of time trying to reason with you. While you've been kicking up this fuss, the whole vein's been seized by robots. Now we're all in the same boat.
Whoa, easy, wh—what are you trying to pull off? I—I'm warning you, Wildfire are in the area...
Seele! Thank goodness you came. We were nearly...
Oleg? He took a group into the inner section. Said it was to clear off the invading robots.
They've been gone for a while now. Hmph, if Wildfire was around, those thugs wouldn't have dared.
Sure thing, but be careful! There are a lot of robots up ahead!
What kind of days are we living through...
Svarog? I don't know much. The underground is in turmoil, everyone's focused on their own issues. Who has time to get involved in someone else's affairs?
I heard the vagrants say Svarog was protecting their base near the Furnace Core. Tsk, and there I was thinking he was one of the good guys.
Huh? What are you trying to say — that it's my fault?
Forget it, I'm just tired, that's all.
Even if those vagrants have no home to return to, they still have their dignity. They won't accept charity forever.
They needed honest work to get them through this hardship. So, I let them join the mining team. Can anyone really say I did wrong?
The problem started with them leaving home and being dependent on charity... If you want something to blame, blame life in the Underworld.
*sigh* When it boils down to it, they only chose to form a clique because the other miners never truly accepted them... I should've seen it.
They're a reliable group. Trust me, if we didn't have them, this area would be packed with monsters already. Just like Rivet Town.
I'm about to take the mining team over to Dr. Natasha. Take care of yourselves.
...Here, take it. I'm afraid we're short on goods and materials right now.
It's you! Oh, no, no, you misunderstand...
There was a huge quake at the mine just now — part of it collapsed. If the vagrants here hadn't stopped to help, I doubt we'd have gotten everyone out in one piece.
I was just discussing how to repay them. It's a shame the mining team is hard up right now.
Oh? To do with us? I'm listening...
You mean to say that... we're about to be reunited with the Overworld?
If things go back to the way they were 10 years ago... then the mining team can finally escape this poverty...
...and you won't have to rely on the charity of others. We'll finally be living with the dignity we deserve.
Thank you, outsiders, from the bottom of my heart! The mining team'll remember you as heroes... as will the rest of the Underworld.
Please tell Natasha that we're ready to get back to work... If the cable car station can start operating again, we'll dispatch a mining representative to negotiate with the Architects.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
The first one is clearly a result of your own doing... But I do admit to consuming the last serving of the Express Special.
Sorry... I am indeed the worst Nameless in the universe.
Could there be anyone worse than me?
Who?
...Yes, I plead guilty.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
The first one is clearly a result of your own doing... But I do admit to consuming the last serving of the Express Special.
Sorry... I am indeed the worst Nameless in the universe.
Could there be anyone worse than me?
Who?
...Yes, I plead guilty.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
The first one is clearly a result of your own doing... But I do admit to consuming the last serving of the Express Special.
Sorry... I am indeed the worst Nameless in the universe.
Could there be anyone worse than me?
Who?
...Yes, I plead guilty.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
The first one is clearly a result of your own doing... But I do admit to consuming the last serving of the Express Special.
Sorry... I am indeed the worst Nameless in the universe.
Could there be anyone worse than me?
Who?
...Yes, I plead guilty.
...Yes, I plead guilty.
The first one is clearly a result of your own doing... But I do admit to consuming the last serving of the Express Special.
Sorry... I am indeed the worst Nameless in the universe.
Could there be anyone worse than me?
Who?
Are you from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus or the Ten-Lords Commission? Don't touch me! I didn't do anything!
*sigh* You're finally here... First I was being chased by the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus, then I ran into the Cloud Knights. Then, I thought I heard Banxia's voice, but I ran straight into a monster. What a day!
But if Banxia sent you, then... where is she? Isn't she with you?
What!? That monster armed to the teeth? That was Banxia? You're lying.
How is that possible...?
Could you take me there? ...Just to confirm?
Is that so? *sigh* She's always so busy in the Alchemy Commission.
Hey, little girl, no need for tears. It's no big deal.
I did want to meet Banxia, but I know how busy she is. She must have had a good reason for sending you.
It's alright, it's alright... take a breath. You must've been through a lot to get here.
What a shame — I've been waiting for her for so long... I can't believe she couldn't make it. Did she ask you to bring me anything?
I see. Well, it's good that you're here in person — this is no simple matter.
Your reputation precedes you, Healer Lady... Sorry to trouble you, please begin the healing whenever you're ready.
...This is Banxia? This hideous creature?
She changed out of her original clothes, right? *sigh* There's no point in searching the body, then.
Did she give you any secret boxes or letters?
You don't know? Ugh, she left me with nothing. Was she playing me this whole time!?
A list of the names of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus.
With that list I'd be able to blackmail the Disciples into giving me the elixir of immortality... or I could submit the list to the Cloud Knights to avoid banishment from the Xianzhou.
That woman promised me countless times... In the end, I finally trusted her — I genuinely thought she'd offer me change.
But in the end, she failed at the most important hurdle... or maybe she failed from the very beginning. She probably lied to you too.
Are you the type of people that help someone who tricked you? I don't think so.
Of course not. I have more important matters in places other than the Xianzhou. Elixirs and immortality are just a means to an end. I won't stay on the Luofu.
Sweetheart?
That was her wishful thinking — I wasn't interested in the slightest. No way, you thought so too?
What?
Huh?
Ridiculous! That woman tricked all of us. You should've told her to take a—
Ridiculous! That woman tricked all of us. You should've told her to take a—
Wait... wh—what are you doing?
Yeah... that's me. Can I help you?
Oh, uh... okay. Let's go.
That footage... I remember that day. After I closed up the store, I walked around for a while. I was looking for a place to read.
I found that empty area — it seems like a good reading spot at first... but then I noticed two people dressed in dark clothing and a blonde outworlder hanging around. Something didn't feel right, so I left. Those two people left the same way I did.
Sorry, I was only trying to find a place to read, I didn't pay much attention to him... or the two in dark clothing.
All I remember is... the two people in dark clothing — they smelled pretty bad. I guess that's not much of a clue. Sorry I can't give you any useful information.
My store... Spare Time Book Shop? You're sure he came to... Oh, that's right! I remember now, he did pay a visit — how could I forget?
He came in, looked at a few titles, and then handed one to me... an old paperback.
Everything seemed normal, but after paying for it he immediately tore off the title page. I was shocked, but he was grinning ear to ear, so I didn't dare ask him about it.
After that, he just left the book on the counter and went on his way.
I can't believe I'd forget something like that... I guess the Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection the day after pushed everything else to the back of my mind...
The Angler Mystery. I was wondering what to do about it — I can't sell a book without a title page... But, since you asked about it, here — you can have it.
Where did Yunshen get to, I asked him to watch the shop while I used my voucher... He's often hanging around here — always seemed nice enough. *sigh* Not trustworthy after all.
What? You didn't give him the money, did you?
You two are incredible. I'll have to have a word a with him later... Ugh, asking him to help was my mistake — I apologize.
Here — a little something for the inconvenience. It's yummy.
Mm-hmm, I won't be so quick to leave my post in the future.
Here — a little something for the inconvenience. It's yummy.
It'd be best if Mr. Xiyan didn't find out about this... He doesn't show up very often, but he's the manager here. I'll be in big trouble if he finds out what happened.
Where did Yunshen get to, I asked him to watch the shop while I used my voucher... He's often hanging around here — always seemed nice enough. *sigh* Not trustworthy after all.
What!? I apologize, this is my fault — I'll have a word with him later. Let me give you your money back first.
*sigh* At the end of the day, this wouldn't have happened if I'd stayed at my post.
Here — a little something for the inconvenience. It's yummy.
*sigh* At the end of the day, this wouldn't have happened if I'd stayed at my post.
Th—Thanks... In that case, have this instead — it's tasty.
Glad to hear that! Please come by anytime!
It'd be best if Mr. Xiyan didn't find out about this... He doesn't show up very often, but he's the manager here. I'll be in big trouble if he finds out what happened.
Go right ahead. Mr. Xiyan said that making bookworms feel at home is more important than getting them to buy something.
All we ask is that you find a quiet spot away from the browsing areas!
Looks like the person you were waiting for has gotten in touch. Safe travels! Oh, uh... maybe buy a book next time?
What's wrong, Mister... You don't look well.
They're pretty, aren't they? Sis said they're a gift from {RUBY_B#Gaiathra}Mama Fenge{RUBY_E#}. Colorful eyes are said to bring good luck.
Ah, Mister... You have pretty eyes too. Beautiful!
They're in that amusement park. Papa and Mama went in first. I'm just about to go look for them.
I have to go, goodbye Mister. Hope you have a good time too!
Ahh, playing hide-and-seek? I'm really good at this!
Hello, we meet again, Mr. Pretty-eyes.
Of course, Big Sis is there too. The four of us were just playing hide-and-seek.
I'm so happy! On our way here, Papa even brought me to see a flim.
Yes, that's it. Putting many drawings together and turning them into a moving wall painting.
They put me, Papa, Mama and Big Sis together, turning us into one big family.
You should give it a try too, Mister! You look sad. The amusement park will cheer you up.
Go give it a try, Mister!
I don't know why, Mister, but you always give me a special feeling... that makes me more curious about you.
It's sad that I can't get to know you more. We have to say goodbye. Did you have fun?
Yes, I should go home. The day's getting dark, and it's going to rain. I don't want to worry the others.
What a strange question. It's where Papa, Mama and Big Sis are...
...In this dream.
This amusement park, this beautiful dream, they really are peaceful. Everyone loves it.
But Mister, why don't you like it?
Papa, Mama, wait for me...
It's my turn to hide now! I bet you guys can't find meeee!
Woah, this place... it's so tall. Even taller than the tallest rocks in the desert...
And there are so many flowers here. Big Sis, this one's for you!
If these leaves could be brought back... Would they bloom into new flowers?
We're going home? But I don't want to go back yet...
It's so fun here... I want to stay here forever...
Mister... Is that you? I hear the sound of leather shoes.
Ah... It really is you.
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(...Woof! Woof! Woof!)
(...Woof! Woof! Woof!)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Purring)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
*sob*... *sob*
*sob*... *sob*
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
(In a circle, Ruan Mei's creations join hands with each other.)
(Ruan Mei intertwines joy and sorrow.)
(Ruan Mei, Ruan Mei, why do you not turn back to look at us?)
(Ruan Mei, Ruan Mei, where does your path lead?)
(...Is there no place for us, where you're going?)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
(Meow...)
This place is bigger than my house...
I am the observer in the cracks...
A toast to the Dreamscape, stranger!
How does an innovative new coffee end up making money?
What did you register this one as?
Excuse me, what kind of consignment services are you after?
Why are you calling me this late...
Transportation and meals included!
I want to try their new dish...
Nectar of Willow Woods, five-grain jade elixir...
Have you checked IPC's offer?
I don't even make that much in a year...
...when the Lunarescent Depths parted with the high elder's command.
I've never taken part in a soul-soothing ceremony before...
Celestial Jade is great!
Heh heh...
So are they here or not...
Our papers have been selling well...
What's the point of good school grades?
Art is sacred and speculative...
Have you figured out what you want to be in your dream?
Can't even catch a break in my dreams.
The IPC is pushing again...
Robin's tickets sell out in seconds...
Have we met each other before?
Hello, can I help you?
Lying down at home is the best...
No one will be allowed in or out until the investigation is complete!
Those who betray the Harmony must be judged severely!
Yeah, never!
Yeah, precious!
...Boss! They don't seem very smart. Why don't we do a practice one first?
...Argh! But I'm Julian of a Thousand Faces! *sigh* Why did you have to talk to me! My reputation is ruined... What will the boss think!
I... *sigh* I'm sorry boss! I failed...
You! Hey, you, stop! You are now a conscript of The Moles!
I'm not a sidekick! I'm second-in-command! Argh. You know what? No. This ain't the time.
Heehee, I, Julian of a Thousand Faces... Wait, it's not the time for this!
We got trouble! The boss went to the Great Mine alone with her Diggertron!
And she refused to let anyone go with her. I feel like she's doing something dangerous... You have to go check on her for us!
Fersman is in the mines. It seems like the boss heard some bad news about him, then just ran in there.
She even took her Diggertron. Is she preparing for a fight with the Vagrants...
There's lots of bad guys in the mines. Miss Natasha said kids ain't allowed to go in! Go check on her for us now!
He's Hook's daddy, and he's like a daddy to everyone in The Moles! He's like... a great person!
Diggertron is Diggertron! As long as the boss has it with her, you can expect a good fight...
There's lots of bad guys in the mines. Miss Natasha said kids ain't allowed to go in! Go check on her for us now!
Thank you! Please hurry!
You kidding? It's me! The second-in-command of The Moles? Julian of a Thousand— You know what? No. It ain't the time for this.
Someone's life is at risk! Forget the minor details!
48... 49... 50!
Ready or not, here I come!
M—Miss March!? D—Didn't you go back to the surface...?
Aww... but we just started playing. Can't we finish this round first...?
...A—Actually, I sorta wanna go play on the swings for a while... I'll leave the seeking to you guys!
...
*sob*
Y—Yes boss! Understood!
Uh, Alina, I can... uh... give you a piggyback if you can't make it...
Boss, the "big hero" you mentioned is here.
Hm? Norbert, is that you?
*sigh* What took you so long?
Haha... Someone write that for you?
*sigh* Anyway, what took you so long?
I was worried the Silvermane Guards might've got to you. But you're not the type to turn someone in at first capture, right?
Well, it's time for me to get on out of here. After all, we already made a nice little fortune on this trip.
Uh-oh, someone's getting a little emotionally overinvested...
You know what we are? Accomplices. You know what that means? Partners in crime! You know what else that means? We are not friends!
Whoa, whoa, whoa — Did you stop at a bar on the way over here? You know what we are? Accomplices. You know what that means? Partners in crime! You know what else that means? We're not friends!
Alright, enough chinwagging. So, how much did the microfilm sell for?
Huh? 5000? You're kidding, right?
How could it... Ugh, what kind of hotel is this, anyway? No peepholes on the doors?
Y'know, I just realized there's something I forgot — maybe you could help me remember.
That Gears and Wisdom sculpture I told you to take apart and hide away... Can you remind me how many pieces it had?
Now that's more like it! You had me in a cold sweat with those jokes...
Here, hurry up and come inside. We need to discuss the details of our next operation.
50,000? Well... it's a little less than I thought, but not too bad.
By the way, you catch a cold or something? Your voice... sounds a little different than before.
Or maybe you... Ugh, what kind of hotel is this, anyway? No peepholes on the doors?
Y'know, I just realized there's something I forgot — maybe you could help me remember.
That Gears and Wisdom sculpture I told you to take apart and hide away... Can you remind me how many pieces it had?
Now that's more like it! You had me in a cold sweat with those jokes...
Here, hurry up and come inside. We need to discuss the details of our next operation.
What? 500,000!? No offense kid, but I can't see you haggling that kinda number...
Or maybe you... Ugh, what kind of hotel is this, anyway? No peepholes on the doors?
Y'know, I just realized there's something I forgot — maybe you could help me remember.
That Gears and Wisdom sculpture I told you to take apart and hide away... Can you remind me how many pieces it had?
Now that's more like it! You had me in a cold sweat with those jokes...
Here, hurry up and come inside. We need to discuss the details of our next operation.
Why haven't I gone for my follow-up visit... Are you a patient too, or did Dr. Natasha send you over?
Who else would care about people like me?
Hah, you should head on back then. Thank Dr. Natasha for her concern.
I don't need Dr. Natasha's help now. Tell her to save her worries and medicine for other people.
A dispute? No, no, she's the only kindhearted doctor in the Underworld.
I just don't really approve of her methods, that's all. Too idealistic, and no real efficacy...
Huh? So you had a dispute with her?
...She's the only kindhearted doctor in the Underworld. I just don't really approve of her methods, that's all. Too idealistic, and no real efficacy...
She tries to save everyone, which means she can't save anyone... In the end, it's the patients who suffer, and she just tires herself out.
Miners like me don't have time for lengthy treatments... If I can't take something and get right back to work, I may as well lie down and wait for death to come knocking...
Did you know Dr. Vache? His wonder medicine is cheap and the results are immediate. You just need to be willing to... take a little risk.
Dr. Vache's medicine is... different. Lots of people make a full recovery after taking it... but some get worse, and the unlucky ones check out early.
Even knowing the risk, most people fought tooth and nail to get a hold of the medicine. You know why?
Hmph, you're smarter than you look.
Hmph... you've clearly never been in really dire straits.
When life forces you to the edge, you'll throw yourself at any opportunity... even if it means risking it all.
For people like us, a slow and tortuous treatment is the same as a death sentence. If it's between that and a quick result, we'll take the latter.
Ahem, forget it. Why am I telling you all this? Dr. Vache is dead, anyway...
Hah, what, now you're interested in the wonder medicine?
Listen up... the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society is still selling that medicine... I can tell you where they trade, but there's a rule...
...You must not tell any of this to Dr. Natasha, you hear? If you break the rule, you'll face the consequences!
Here, take this, it's the address. A final warning — do not reveal this information to Natasha!
...What are you saying, doctor? The wonder medicine is out of supply?
Hmph, rational and scientific, huh...? The way I see it, you're just jealous you lost your patients.
...Ma'am, please think for a moment. How can you still be siding with her? That wonder medicine was working fine for us, and now it's gone because she wants it to be? How can she—
The surface... Hmph, I almost forgot that you were an Overworld big shot.
Tsk, if it's respect she wants, she better find a replacement for the wonder medicine, fast! If not, I'll tell everyone about how she set up Dr. Vache.
I'm out of here!
Welcome to the final stage. Actually, all the scenarios that you previously encountered, were all from the film Once Upon a Time in Dreams.
Two companions arrive on Penacony with nothing but a dream. Their desire for achievement is met with continuous setbacks. Ultimately, one continues on, despite spiraling into debt, while the other concedes defeats and leaves.
Many years later, their paths cross once more in the thriving Penacony, yet they refuse to acknowledge each other because...
Against the backdrop of a revitalized Penacony, the joy of reunion mixes with the sorrow of past separation, the awkwardness of being strangers, and the shyness of a long-awaited encounter, all converging at this very moment.
Give it a shot. Try and convey this bittersweet scene to me — bring it to life with precise and emotive acting!
Your performance is far from satisfactory!
Dull lines, stiff movements... this can scarcely be described as acting!
The expressiveness, the emotion, so touching...
CUT!
It's so... so touching, your portrayal outdoes the original! It's simply... simply... simply —
Beautiful!
Many actors depend on emotions to move people, but your performance depicted a grief so profound it brings tears to one's eyes... and even reminds me of my past...
You pass with full marks!
A most magnificent performance that seemed to invoke feelings of rage within me!
CUT!
A mogul who went from rags-to-riches treating a former companion with such disdain — it just makes my blood boil!
Brilliant! Your portrayal outdoes the original! It's simply... simply... simply —
Beautiful!
A mogul who went from rags-to-riches treating a former companion with such disdain — it just makes my blood boil!
You pass with full marks!
Oh, such a warm and fuzzy ending!
CUT!
I never imagined that such a sad scene could be portrayed by you two in such a joyful and heartwarming way — two people sharing a long-cherished friendship, as if time and status meant nothing to them!
Brilliant! Your portrayal outdoes the original! It's simply... simply... simply —
Beautiful!
Two people sharing a long-cherished friendship, as if time and status meant nothing to them! My heart brims with hope at the sight of such an ending.
You pass with full marks!
Hmph, you're not the only one. Can you at least hear me out first?
I haven't asked anything yet. At least hear me out first?
Little girl? You've got the wrong person. I am looking for someone, though...
Have you seen a woman wearing an Alchemy Commission uniform? She's about the same height as you — I think she was heading towards the jetty.
We walk the same path, but it would seem she's hiding from me, hehe...
Very well, thank you. I'll head over to the jetty.
And why's that?
...Say, now that you know who I'm looking for, why don't you tell me who you are?
The opposite direction? It can't be. I just came from that direction.
Are you covering for her? You know something alright — I have a few more questions for you.
...What makes you say that?
What? The Alchemy Commission delves were locked down ages ago. If you aren't a disciple, then...
You're trying to get me to say something, aren't you? You said you came from the Alchemy Commission. Where's your proof?
Tsk, you think this is a joke?
Jing Yuan? I understand. That makes you a general's lackey.
You're covering for that woman — it's obvious. I'm not done questioning you...
...You too?
"Mercy of Sanctus Medicus, the Arbor's new growth..."
You claim to walk the same path, yet you don't even know the code.
Still, it's clear you know something... I'm not done questioning you.
Ha, repeating it back to me? What kind of organization would devise a code like that...?
Still, it's clear you know something... I'm not done questioning you.
The master said many times that anyone using "clemency" instead of "mercy" should be killed without exception.
Still, it's clear you know something... I'm not done questioning you.
...Hm, not something you could've guessed.
There's been a leak. Here are the orders — read them and you'll understand.
We must catch the traitor. I'll go search in another direction.
No way. We pretend to obey the grownups, then get back to business as soon as we get the chance!
I remember now! Last time we dealt with this one we got into big trouble!
So tell us — how much compensation are you gonna give?
*sigh* Boss, let's just forget about it. Let this bad omen off the Luofu so we can get on with business.
She's the leader of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus — the one everyone was talking about!
Time to throw in the towel boss — they're playing for real. If you wanna start a fight with the Disciples, I'm out.
Good thinking, Boss! Long live the Luofu Study Club!
Aw, little miss lady, can't see ahead, can't see right, can't see left, heads to the east, ends up west! Hahaha!
Hahahaha! What a doofus! Who hasn't heard of the Luofu Trio?
Did you hear that? The boss is letting you off the hook, so scram!
It's called a trio, which means only two — uh... th—three people are allowed! D—Don't you know how to count?
Number two — earning pocket money through chores is forbidden — all sources of income must be "voluntary" donations from other kids!
Fickle outworlder, you think you can bribe the Luofu Trio with a couple snacks? Think again!
I... guess it couldn't hurt. Good idea, Boss! One pack for you, one for me.
Eat dirt! There are only two packs — just enough for me and the boss. Why would you get any?
You can't just take both packs for yourself! Isn't the Luofu Trio supposed to share everything evenly?
Uh, boss... I don't think they're kidding...
Boss, they said "hire a fighter," not "hire you." It might be me they're after!
Ha, you think the Antimatter Legion would come all this way for you? You're a goody two shoes.
Yeah, right! You think the baddest baddy in the galaxy would burst into tears whenever they're yelled at by an abecedary!
They used some kind of hidden power — I saw it! You're a cheater!
Ugh, shut up! Boss, let's get outta here — we shouldn't fight anyone that doesn't respect martial arts!
Yeah!
They used some kind of hidden power — I saw it! You're a cheater!
Ugh, shut up! Boss, let's get outta here — we shouldn't fight anyone that doesn't respect martial arts!
Yeah!
What are all these people doing here all of a sudden? Don't they have work to do?
They're all here to welcome a guest? That's pretty strange for our space station. Even the IPC's Incident Inspection Department never received a welcome party like this.
What? A place where the space station stores "dangerous experimental results"?
Why would anyone want to know that... Wait! Did someone send you here to try to get things out of me?
I'm not doing any private business on the space station! I have absolutely no knowledge of any special hiding places. And I certainly haven't sold any old junk, rare treasures, or discarded Curios or anything like that!
Hmph, I'm not hiding anything at all! You're the sneaky one! What do you want?
Autograph? What are you on about!? You're freaking me out!
I won't talk to you if you don't tell me why you're here.
...Oh, that? You've got pretty good contacts if you know that already. The space station is a mess. Everyone's already swamped as it is, and now out of nowhere, there are a bunch of little creatures popping up.
...Oh, that? You've got pretty good contacts if you know that already. The space station is a mess. Everyone's already swamped as it is, and now out of nowhere, there are a bunch of little creatures popping up.
If you want to solve the problem, go check out the storage zone. Then you'll understand.
Ruan Mei, member #81 of the Genius Society — a resounding name in science and the veritable epitome of lifeform cultivation. Researchers here have heard so much about her for so long!
But once she arrived on the space station, she just took over everything. And what did Madam Herta do? Absolutely nothing...
Yes, she's treating this place like her backyard! She's leaving her research notes all over the floor!
The end result? Everyone's obsessed with getting their hands on them...
Hey, guess what I got my hands on? Word on the street is that this is the downgraded version of Ruan Mei's life cultivation formula.
It says: 10 carats of ingenuity, 1 tonne of practice, 30 particles of starquake, and a few drops of poisonous liquor from Madam Yu Qingtu. Rumor has it that it once created a talking chair! Not a particularly intelligent one, but boy did it have a sharp tongue — they dismantled it and used it for firewood. Can you believe it?
Let's give it a shot, shall we? First things first, we need to pick out the ingredients.
Hmm... we need to add some other good stuff in. But don't go overboard...
Mm... and now we mix them together. Wait! It says on the recipe: "Ruan Mei makes different expressions when nurturing life..."
Yikes... take a look at what you just cultivated.
Our creed: Molten Cheese Tart is the best!
Oh praise be! You don't know? Molten Cheese Tart is Madam Ruan Mei's top fan! This is how it preaches. Those who offer their love are expressing admiration and affection for Miss Ruan Mei.
Let me tell you something, Mr. Screwllum's followers are all very logical, but they're just awaiting the arrival of the mechanical aristocracy.
Hmph, since you're so interested, I'll tell you how to secure an audience with the honorable Molten Cheese Tart. You'll need to work hard to get there.
You need to plaster hearts wherever Madam Ruan Mei has been. If you're sincere enough, the honorable Molten Cheese Tart will show itself!
You... I've seen you at the clinic. You run errands for Natasha, right?
...Your cover? What are you talking about?
...Don't play dumb. I might be sick but my eyes still work.
*sigh* Let me guess, Natasha wants you to persuade me to go back for a follow-up visit, right?
*sigh* ...What's the use? I'm terminal. Life'll be over before I know it.
Of course not, I read it in a book.
Every book I read has descriptions that match my symptoms exactly... I can diagnose myself with a dozen incurable diseases before I get halfway through.
For people in my situation, a follow-up visit is just a waste of time and money... not to mention medicine.
Mutual aid what now? What are you talking about?
...What else is there to say. Natasha was seeing me free of charge. She said I could keep a tab running for as long as I liked, then pay it back when I had the opportunity... I guess I'm too proud.
You think I need you to tell me? Don't try and persuade me, I've already thought this through...
...Are you making fun of me? Have at it, you won't change my mind.
*sigh* ...Dr. Vache never charged me anything either. Natasha's great, but Vache was always my number one...
Natasha's brother? They both used to practice medicine back in Rivet Town.
I heard he was a top student from the Overworld medical academy — Belobog's main hospital wanted him. I've no idea what convinced him to set up down here... a kind heart, maybe.
What do you mean? Dr. Vache was a people's doctor — he handed out free medicine. He even followed up with detailed questions on how we felt.
The Underworld is always short on medical resources — they say that Dr. Vache made all his own medicine himself.
You think I don't want to? I heard that he... passed away.
Uh... I should keep my voice down. Don't go telling anyone else about this next bit...
I heard that Natasha had something to do with Dr. Vache's death. They say she was jealous that her brother had stolen her patients, so she...
Agh, it's just something people were saying... I don't think Dr. Natasha could do something like that.
...Hey, it's just a rumor. Don't take my word for it.
*sigh* Forget I said anything. Since Dr. Natasha sent you over specially, I'll do her a favor.
I'll go to the clinic for my follow-up a little later. Bye for now...
...Th—This is all your fault! How are we supposed to get our wonder medicine now!?
You should leave — if you stay here that guy might not ever sell to us again...
Really? Then you need a good send-off!
Are you still in the mood to read a book?
Quality purified water. Second glass half-price!
...What are you doing here?
I know you said you liked me.
The suppression towers float gently. Which heliobus would you like to talk to?
All of you claim ownership of the goods.
It contains contraband goods that are confiscated.
... It looks the same to me.
The Outworlders call this a funeral...
I haven't seen you at the driving school for ages!
Can you stay a while and chat with me?
You don't look too good, is something the matter?
Why is there a record of you here?
What you think is what you will get.
A shame to have run into public displays of affection.
My friend, there are lots of people around the station. Stay safe.
No visitors allowed! Leave!
How can that be done...
It's a pleasure to have you here, dear guest.
Which compartment did I put it...
This is a good place for a rest.
It's the Clockie Statue!
Long ago, the Moment of Scorchsand was a dangerous desert...
Dear viewers, this is the Moment of Scorchsand. Let me bring you the official on-site details from the SoulGlad Festivity Auditions...
Don't ask, it's for The Family. Young people should practice the spirit of dedication!
Love at first sight, sold at first strike! The Wildfire used item auction is opening soon! If you're interested, head down to the vagrant camp and get involved!
Outsider! I remember you. Perhaps you're hoping to find some treasures at the auction, too?
Don't just dash off! Let me tell you about it. I'm sure I can stoke your interest...
We're not sticklers at this auction — you'll find everything from exotic Belobog rarities to tattered roadside socks!
Oh after Wildfire got involved in the maintenance of the vagrant camp, they saw there was a big resource distribution problem. People would rather keep a stockpile of useless objects than exchange them for useful resources.
So we intend to hold a public auction. It will allow folks to make the best use of the stuff they have by exchanging it for stuff they need.
It's mostly vagrants from the camp, but Boulder Town residents are welcome to join as well, of course!
The more attendees we have, the more items there will be for trade, and the better we can meet the auction's goal!
Buyers and sellers must all register their personal information. To ensure the quality of items, the sellers must also register details for each item.
Then there's the standard auction procedure. The auctioneer presents the items, and the bidders place their bids on the spot... Pretty straightforward, don't you think?
Oh plenty! Gloves used by Chief Oleg, the domestic robot that Miss Fidora built...
There are lots of prospectors hunting for ancient relics in the vagrant camp, so there should be a lot of unique items at this auction. For example, I heard that one of the goods up for auction is a barely used Geomarrow Probe...
Ah, never heard of a treasure like that before, huh? More excited about the auction now?
Oh, here — take this pamphlet. It has more information on all the rarities up for auction. Remember to stop by the vagrant camp! Be there or be square!
Take a pamphlet, have a look, and don't lose it! Remember to stop by the vagrant camp for the auction. Be there or be square!
Outsider? I knew you'd show up. We met before, remember?
That's right, so you do remember me!
...You don't remember me? How saddening... Anyway, it doesn't matter. Let's get down to business.
You've obviously come here for the Geomarrow Probe, right?
Hey, there are lots of people here who want the same thing as you.
Do you remember Balaway the Miner's Lamp? He told me everything.
Hey, why so tense? I'm not here to elicit information from you. Forget it, pretend I didn't say anything...
By the way, I'm looking for Gertie, manager of the Goethe Grand Hotel. Please tell me if you see her.
Gertie's niece will be returning to Boulder Town in a few days. She asked me a while ago if there were any gifts suitable for children at the auction.
I've noticed there are a few more children's items at the auction today, but I haven't seen Gertie anywhere... She hasn't returned to Boulder Town yet, has she? It would be a shame if she couldn't make it to the auction...
Woof!
Woof! Woof!
Woof!
Woof~
Woof! Woof!
Woof! Woof!
Woof!
Woof woof!
*whimpers*
Rrr—ruff ruff woof! Woof woof!
Woof woof! Rr—ruff!
Woof woof!
Woof~
Woof!
Woof! Woof woof!
Woof woof, howoof woof woof woof!
Woof woof woof? Woof~
Ruff? Woof woof, ruff ruff woof!
Woof woof, howoof woof ruff woof!
Woof, woooof~
Awooo?
Woof!
Woof! Woof woof!
Woof!
Woof!
What will even be there?
I told you... you're not a good drinker...
Is it really that miraculous?
This crosstalk has four lessons in it...
I've got one word for you: "Zero."
I heard they pay very well at the Artisanship Commission...
What kind of delicacies does the night market of Luofu offer?
Alas, it's complicated...
So they also hold funerals... huh...
I was here a lot when I was young...
Do you believe in karma?
Petroleum-based items are strictly prohibited.
That person seems really familiar.
Gorgeous music!
Going on a trip is tiring.
The theater is gorgeous.
Is there still hope for things to go back to normal?
I think I've seen your face on a wanted poster.
It's so crowded here.
Why won't they let us in?
Boss, the actors are striking again!
Let's take a group picture!
Don't worry, the Bloodhounds are on it. There are only three hundred and forty people until your turn.
I can't remember. It felt like I had a really long dream...
Master Gongshu! How could you stay inside?
I—I'm afraid that if I leave, I won't be able to graduate.
Master Gongshu...
*gasp* Are you guys Cloud Knights? Are you here to save us?
...Your clothes. *sigh* I knew I was getting ahead of myself — you're just tourists.
Sorry this crisis came during your trip. *sigh* I'm sorry it came at all...
...You mean the general invited you? Is that a joke? The Luofu has the Cloud Knights — why would he send outsiders?
There's been a serious incident in the Artisanship Commission — nobody's in the mood for jokes, miss.
Waiting around, that's what. We ran away, it was way too dangerous in there.
Please, if you plan on living a little longer, don't go in there.
There's been some kind of botanical disaster — it was like an ornamental tree somewhere suddenly started to grow. There were branches so thick you couldn't put your arms around them! It spread everywhere — the whole Commission is being destroyed.
I don't get it, the Artisanship Commission focuses on the mechanical — we've got nothing to do with hydroponics or accelerated growth... Where did that thing come from?
The worst thing is... my master is still inside!
Master Gongshu is the most experienced craftsman in the Artisanship Commission's smelting works — he's in charge of our research project.
When the incident happened, he dragged me, Ziming, and Yunche to safety... But then he turned around and ran back in.
I need to wait here for the Cloud Knights so I can tell them to rescue him.
Is research data more important than life?
That's not how it works — the research comes first here.
We didn't have time — we were scrambling for our lives! If I had an extra pair of arms, maybe I could've tried.
I just heard him shout "It's gone! We lost the furnace!" By the time we realized, he'd already vanished.
Anyway... you said you're here to help us, right?
In that case, take this jade seal with you.
If you find my master, please bring him out safe and sound! If anything happens to him...
None of us will be able to graduate this year...
Molten Cheese Tart says, "Madam Ruan Mei has finally recognized my ingenuity!"
Molten Cheese Tart says, "Does Madam Ruan Mei recognize me as a masterpiece?"
Molten Cheese Tart says, "Madam Ruan Mei still has not recognized me as a lifeform that passes the requirements. I need to work harder!" Ah! Such an enthusiastic Molten Cheese Tart!
There's a kind of attachment reserved for the creator. To the world, you are but one person. But to me, you are the entire world — Ahh, Madam Ruan Mei!
Hey, you. Yes, you — don't you have anything you wanna say to Molten Cheese Tart? You should at least express how you would like to follow Molten Cheese Tart! We wouldn't want to mistake you for an agent of Gray Bean Paste, would we?
Good. You have great taste!
Get lost and get as far away from here as you can!
You! Shh! Quiet!
Oh, the honorable Molten Cheese Tart may have a crispy exterior, but deep down inside, it's incredibly sensitive and delicate.
It's working so hard just to get Madam Ruan Mei's attention!
I am humbled to meet the Molten Cheese Tart!
What are you frozen in place for? Oh, you don't understand the honorable tart? That's okay! No worries, for situations like this, we've specifically concocted a Synesthesia Beacon!
You see, the honorable Molten Cheese Tart has always been fighting against Gray Bean Paste in terms of flavor. The honorable Molten Cheese Tart is a firm believer that people's lives need to be optimistic.
They both hope to receive Madam Ruan Mei's recognition and have been working so hard.
You need to call it the honorable Molten Cheese Tart!
Of course. It's not like we have any followers of Gray Bean Paste here.
All the ones who came here to stir up trouble have been converted by us. They went from refusing Molten Cheese Tart to loving it.
This is called "conceptual annexation of tastes."
It's genuinely puzzling. Despite Molten Cheese Tart's remarkable qualities, why hasn't Madam Ruan Mei acknowledged it? It's clear that it yearns for her love.
Love from the creator to her creation? Familial love? Doesn't sound right... romantic love? Definitely not!
I don't know! Expecting me to understand "love" is like asking me to map the farthest reaches of the universe!
Remember, as long as love is your compass, you're on the right track. And in the wise words of the honorable Molten Cheese Tart: love must be shouted from the rooftops!
Th—That depends on if the honorable Tart agrees to it...
Oh? The honorable Molten Cheese Tart has agreed!
Ah, wh—who's there!?
Oh! Clara, it's you! I thought it was... You scared the living daylights out of me!
I—I did see the thief last night, but... who is this person next to you?
Trailblazer... Oh, I know. You're the outsider who's made a name for themself around town, right?
Oh, wow. I feel way better knowing that a big shot like you is here to catch the thief... H—Hold on, I'll explain what happened last night. Just let me gather my thoughts first...
Oh! W—Wildfire has sent someone... That's fantastic!
H—Hold on... I'll explain what happened last night. Just let me gather my thoughts first...
D—Detective? I see. You're here to help catch the thief, right?
It's great that there are more people here to solve this case... H—Hold on, I'll explain what happened last night. Just let me gather my thoughts first...
O—Okay. So... Last night, I was on patrol when I bumped into the thief stealing the parts! Then... then... I—I just...
Goodness, I was so scared! It was dreadful!
Goodness... Okay. I'll explain slowly...
I... you... I—I'm sorry... Last night was just so terrifying... I—I'll continue!
I was cold and hungry while on patrol last night, so I decided to return to the dwelling and heat up some leftover canned food for a snack.
But when I entered the tent... the thief's silhouette scurried across my vision!
I couldn't see the thief's face because the tent was so dark, but I could tell he wasn't a nice guy...
B—Because when he turned to flee, he swung a knife right across my face! In that moment, I really thought I was going to die...
I could feel the blade's chill on my cheeks, and smell its rusty scent... The weapon that fella had was definitely a metal one! That's the only thing I'm certain of!
Also, I saw the outline of him in the dark... That fella's head was absolutely square! Yes, you heard me, square!
Can you believe that? Someone with a square head! It was truly terrifying...
Yes, that's correct.
I'm sorry... I was too scared! When a shadow leaps out at you, who could possibly pay attention to such tiny details?
How can you just accuse me like that!? I was terrified, how could I be an accomplice!? *sob* ...
Ah, yes, I remember something! While the culprit was hurrying to escape, he knocked something over... He may have left some clues or something.
And you are?
Oho! Well done — you found me.
Rumors? More like a formal complaint!
So you're here about the lead researcher's corruption? Anything for a good story, huh?
I don't get it — you people live your lives for gossip.
Wouldn't it be better to apply that drive to your research? Madam Herta would be delighted to see everyone working so hard.
Haha, who do you think you are? The space station's next lead researcher?
Please. Only upstanding and intelligent people like myself are worthy of such a position. You gossipers need to figure out your place in the hierarchy.
What encryption key...
Have you been reading too many novels? You think there's some hidden heir on this space station with keys to the family coffers? Less fantasizing, more researching, got it?
You want the scoop? Fine. I've backed it all up anyway. Here, take it. And let it be known that I, Richard_Knowitall, do not spread rumors.
This is the receipt. See the title on this purchase order...?
That's what I call substantive evidence! Hmph...
Of course it is! If I had any doubt, I'd have kept it quiet.
...I picked it up a few days ago when I was collecting a package. I saw a few receipts requiring the lead researcher's signature.
The Security Department's head honcho, Arlan — he left pretty quickly when he saw them. We all know he's on her side anyway.
So I had a peek, and woah! She's buying equipment for the space station under her own name! I've got her now!
Geez, do I really have to break it down for you?
The space station has its own financial procedures. As long as the purchase is for the space station, no matter how big or small, it has to go through the organizational account using the station's allocated funds.
The payer here is her private account. She's totally embezzling station funds for herself!
I'm so disappointed — so hurt! She looks like a sweet enough girl, but not only did she fail to repay Madam Herta for promoting her, she even stooped to this.
I was so angry that I was shaking. I broke out in a cold sweat!
That amount of money? Herself!? Who do you think she is, Fleming's daughter?
Anyway, now you know everything, so leave me alone. I still need to write a report about this for Madam Herta.
Just go then, what's it gotta do with us? You think we're friends or something? You wanna say goodbye to us?
You want us to join you or something?
Ugh, guess you're right, these guys mean business. My mom said they eat three or four kids for breakfast!
Then as the Luofu Trio, we...
She's stuck, hehe! She can't get down!
The Luofu Trio is made up of two — uh... th—three super awesome kids that everyone's afraid of! Even the Realm-Keeping Commission!
*sigh* Let's leave it, Boss. Detention's detention, but if your dad finds out, you'll get yelled at and start crying again...
Yeah, the boss doesn't wanna stoop to your level. Now buzz off, before he yells at you and makes you cry!
You think you can join the Luofu Trio just because you feel like it?
You don't even know our rules! *clears throat* Section one — no making friends outside the Trio! No boyfriends or girlfriends! All members must devote their youth to the Trio!
Number four, the boss never cries. Sure, his dad might yell at him sometimes, and the lyceum abecedaries like to make him stand in the hallway, but those are tears of strength — not weakness!
Snacks? Not bad, let's see them.
Hey, what about me? Where's mine?
You always steal my snacks when the boss isn't here. Now that he's arrived in Exalting Sanctum, it's payback time.
Evenly? How was it even when you stole my share, hmm?
M—My mom told me the Antimatter Legion eat children who misbehave... It's not true, is it?
HELP! The Antimatter Legion is going to eat us!
What are you guys thinking? It's me they want.
Yeah — fight, fight, fight! The winner gets to join the Legion with me!
Who do you think you are? Keep your nose out of this — I beat people up all the time.
You sure about that, boss? They didn't even flinch.
Who do you think you are? Keep your nose out of this — I beat people up all the time.
You sure about that, boss? They didn't even flinch.
Well, seems like you have plenty of confidence.
I'll go ask the president's opinion on the matter. Please wait a moment.
Okay, the president trusts Miss Secretary's judgment, but the applicant still needs to pass a test... You must integrate Oldies Depot into the logistics plan.
Aurum Alley Merchant Guild would like to issue a formal request... Please help us emerge from this crisis and revitalize Aurum Alley!
I know you want to ask about the president, but I suggest you focus your energy on managing the dock for now.
Don't worry, the president is paying very close attention to our progress in Aurum Alley.
Miss Secretary said that you want to learn how to get the upper hand in an argument. Is that right?
I'm no secretary — more of a messenger.
The president agreed to meet with you all later, but now is not the time.
The president is aware of recent events and is willing to pass on some simple negotiation skills to you.
Rule one: Prepare your ace card in advance. Just as Cloud Knights ready their weapons before entering battle, you should have your ace card ready before you walk up to the negotiating table.
I will present you with a few items, and you need to examine them carefully.
This is the box that was opened earlier at the dock — the one containing the Golden Cloud Toad. The name and contact information of the sender were deliberately crossed out, but records from the Heron Express show that the sender is A-Feng.
The records show that a dock worker named A-Feng recently received credit remitted by the IPC, spaced out over several installments.
The president has their ways.
Rule Two: Play your ace card at the right time. These documents can only be truly effective when your opponent reveals a weak spot.
How about this — I've prepared a little practice exercise for you. Mr. A-Feng, over here please.
It seems that the truth has come out. Here is Mr. A-Feng's testimony — it may come in useful later.
The president fully appreciates your efforts and knows what you want to ask.
He believes that continuing to upgrade the dock, a strategy that is not fundamentally different from that of the IPC, will only destroy the unique character of Aurum Alley.
Aurum Alley is a place brimming with personality — from the delicious food to the cultural antiques. Everything is built around visiting tourists and local residents, and that's what makes it such a special place.
Based on historical data, continued development of the shipping operations will turn the area into a giant warehouse. The more the shipping capacity is increased, the less attractions there will be for visitors. Such an outcome is unacceptable for the shopkeepers and community of Aurum Alley.
*sigh* ...I wish the president did more of the talking. I'm getting tired of being a mouthpiece.
When can I start singing?
So this is the freedom of organic beings...
Hello, and welcome to the space station.
The building blocks for the Miner's Lamp look pretty interesting...
A Xianzhou specialty!
Are you responsible for the poster this time?
To get some fried potato sticks.
Why are you so insistent on having that?
Is that traveling healer your father?
Well, it's caused quite a stir.
Did you get the invitation?
There's no such thing as ghosts...
There's something I have to tell you...
Can you do a quake dance?
Just be happy if you want to enter the dream.
Do I need a license to drive a Spheroid?
I'm applying for a loan from The Family.
How can I help you?
Sorry, we do not offer those services...
How did it end up like this...
How long has it been, where is he?
I bet she'll be the superstar of this contest!
Let me leave...
Where are you from?
What a massive loom!
Get your cargo crate outta here!
Immortal's Delight has launched a new tea.
This vending machine doesn't speak anymore...
This batch of goods is not registered properly.
Giveaways, transference to other departments, or outright destruction...
Dragon Spring Brew, Apricot Blossom Reserve...
Dad, is Mom there too?
*sighs*
In order to catch heliobi on the run...
Lately, there's a gang of people claiming to be my followers...
Insufficient credit card limit...
Darling, look!
There are three unavoidable things in life:
You ought to be careful.
A little more to the left...
Really? That's wild!
Welcome to Scorchsand Hall!
Performances are postponed...
If you ask me, I'd say some deep conspiracy is afoot!
Think carefully, what did you see?
Hey, where do you think you're going?
Medicine? Oh... you mean Dr. Vache's wonder medicine, right?
In the Fragmentum? Hmph, gimme a break.
You're the same as everyone else that comes through here. If you want medicine, you don't need to go any further — you talk to me.
And we only take cash, this ain't a charity...
The mutual aid society sets the price. It might be different from Dr. Vache and his handouts, but it's a darn sight cheaper than that clinic woman's medicine.
...Well, are you buying or not? Spit it out. I don't have time for chit-chat.
No money? Then you don't get any. You go home and wait for death.
...Say, what are you trying to pull here? If you can't afford it, then get outta my sight. I've got medicine to sell.
Hmph, cut the small talk next time... my time is valuable.
Huh? What are you gonna do about it? Either buy something or clear out.
You sound like Vache. That isn't how the mutual aid society works.
Wait a minute, your clothes... Are you friends with that doctor woman? I've seen you at the clinic before — I know it!
Get lost — now! If you're a friend of that woman then you're not welcome here! Shop's closed today, no customers!
Get lost! All of ya! Save your breath and come back some other time!
Stop right there! No one's allowed up ahead!
Oh-ho! Playing the hero, are we? Is this a stick-up?
You're that clinic woman's lackey, aren't you. Did you think the mutual aid society didn't have its own intel?
Who are you trying to kid? You're that clinic woman's lackey. Did you think the mutual aid society didn't have its own intel?
In the Fragmentum? Gimme a break!
She's after our medicine and sent you here to smash the place, right?
Men, look lively and send this idiot packing already!
Mr. Cold Feet — Why did you do it?
You're wrong, Lady Black Swan. The victim is evidently none other than the matriarch of the Goldhammer Family: Miss Sparkle Goldhammer!
My investigations discovered that the three warriors were supposed to escort supplies back to their territory the day before, but they were unexpectedly ambushed by the Annihilation Gang.
They narrowly escaped and barely got away with their lives, finding their supplies almost completely raided. So they all shared a motive for killing Miss Sparkle — to escape punishment!
...
I've got the case file right here. If you want to learn more about the suspects, talk to me.
Lady Black Swan, please allow me to introduce the three suspects to you — Lefton, Zhongshan, and Wright.
Lefton is one of Miss Sparkle's chief lieutenants, whose right hand was unfortunately severed while he was valiantly fighting off the Annihilation Gang. He's now learning how to write and hold a fork with his left hand — how tough that must be!
Then there's Zhongshan — this guy's a coward who ran away as soon as the group spotted some bandits along the road. He ended up smashing into the side of a cliff and getting his face disfigured. It's a real shame, as he used to be one of the rare handsome men left around town.
Last of all comes Wright. This guy was so insatiably greedy that he still came back to try and embezzle the rest of the supplies after they narrowly escaped with their lives, lying about how the gang had taken off with everything... Lefton and Zhongshan were so incensed that they broke his legs.
What? Where did you get that idea from? Do you need me to go over it all over again?
Lefton is one of Miss Sparkle's chief lieutenants, whose right hand was unfortunately severed while he was valiantly fighting off the Annihilation Gang. He's now learning how to write and hold a fork with his left hand — how tough that must be!
Then there's Zhongshan — this guy's a coward who ran away as soon as the group spotted some bandits along the road. He ended up smashing into the side of a cliff and getting his face disfigured. It's a real shame, as he used to be one of the rare handsome men left around town.
Last of all comes Wright. This guy was so insatiably greedy that he still came back to try and embezzle the rest of the supplies after they narrowly escaped with their lives, lying about how the gang had taken off with everything... Lefton and Zhongshan were so incensed that they broke his legs.
That's all the intel we have on the three suspects.
No wonder you're a Memokeeper.
Have you got any more questions?
Lefton is one of Miss Sparkle's chief lieutenants, whose right hand was unfortunately severed while he was valiantly fighting off the Annihilation Gang. He's now learning how to write and hold a fork with his left hand — how tough that must be!
Then there's Zhongshan — this guy's a coward who ran away as soon as the group spotted some bandits along the road. He ended up smashing into the side of a cliff and getting his face disfigured. It's a real shame, as he used to be one of the rare handsome men left around town.
Last of all comes Wright. This guy was so insatiably greedy that he still came back to try and embezzle the rest of the supplies after they narrowly escaped with their lives, lying about how the gang had taken off with everything... Lefton and Zhongshan were so incensed that they broke his legs.
That's all the intel we have on the three suspects.
I'm just a lowly bailiff. I don't know anything except for this 'ere case!
Well that's a heck of a question, miss! I'd say nearly one in every two people passing through Starskiff Haven is foxian. We might have seen the lady you're looking for, but we wouldn't have batted an eyelid.
Write that down, write that down!
"Pretty?" That's too generic for a foxian. Even if you don't count the ladies, there are plenty of gents that fit that description like a glove...
...I can put my hand on my heart and say I remember this fine lady.
Well, I may not have seen her in person, but her beauty feels like a long-lost acquaintance... How wonderful to be reunited with her after so long!
Please accept our apologies! Me and my partner do double act comedy in the Sleepless Earl — the teahouse round the corner. As you can probably guess, with all these curfews and lockdowns, we've hardly had an audience the past few days. We figured we'd find a spot on the street and do some rehearsal — just to stop us getting rusty.
Stay calm, stay calm! I did see the girl you're looking for. She took a turn from here into Starwatcher Avenue. I'd suggest you head over that way — she might still be there.
There we were, looking for a spot to practice our new routine. We found a place eventually — a little dilapidated but nice and quiet... *sigh* Shame about the giant ditch.
Unfortunately, the ditch was connected to a sewer outlet — we were covered head to toe in... Anyway, I assume that's why you thought we had dark clothing on. A dignified story, I'm sure you'll agree.
Anyway, thankfully Mr. Luocha was passing by and dragged us back to dry land. It took all his strength, I'll wager.
Without your bravery, we'd never have gotten out of that ditch alive!
Even it's beyond our power to help!
We can't thank you enough!
That's him!
It was... the day before the Ambrosial Arbor came back to life.
Dark clothing? ...Ah! I know what you're talking about. What a pair of clowns we are... Dark clothing, hmph.
Here, that's the prescription he gave us.
That's right, he wrote down the prescription and folded it into shape.
Of course. We'd already opened it when we showed it to the pharmacy.
Excuse me, officer — we're looking for someone. Can you help us?
He saved our life.
Back'n, we're not rehearsing...
...It's moving! Did you see that? It's moving!
Ah... Haha, you can't see it either... That's fine. I can see them, and I know the danger...
Madness? Hah... Madness, I'm not mad! I am the only one who sees what's going on here! You... you've all been lied to by The Family!
I'm telling you, their minions are everywhere... They could even be right here! Or maybe... over there! They are always watching, they're watching all of us... They linger around every corner!
The Family... The Family... They're always watching!
The Family... haha... The Family...
Everyone thinks I am insane... but I swear I saw it... I saw all of it, honestly!
Will you... believe me?
Have you ever been outside the dream before? I don't mean this fortress... I mean the nightmare fraught with danger.
I've been there once, my friend. I once accidentally entered a "boundary" on the Dream's Edge by mistake... It was like a giant wall built from dream bubbles... People can pass through it quite easily.
I don't know how to describe that place... It was like a duplicate of the "Golden Hour," but... It was alive. That's right, exactly what it sounds like... It was "alive."
The ground was... it was purplish-red and springy. It would shiver slightly from time to time... The walls too. I didn't dare touch them, but they looked warm and sticky... It was disgusting.
Then, I saw someone enter it... Um, they might have been a person. Then, the house began to squirm, and it was like it was... digesting? I waited and waited, but that person never came back out.
Then, a group of Clockies suddenly appeared around me... They were all made of metal. They were heavily rusted, and everything from their expressions to their bodies was warped and twisted... Their cries were ear-splitting, like nails on a chalkboard... Ergh.
I was terrified. Normally, I should have woken up from the fear but... Has that ever happened to you before? You know you're dreaming, and you want to wake up but you're paralyzed. You're surrounded by monsters and all you can do is run...
These things that I experienced... They must have been some sinister plot set up by The Family!
Ah... It's hard to believe but... I know The Family must be trying to brainwash me...
You can't even imagine how terrifying that place was! It took so much energy just for me to drag myself out of that hell! In the end... in the end, they told me everything I saw was "hallucinations triggered by memoria allergy"!
Not long after, they sent people to come and look after me. These people said something completely different... They said that strange Dreamscape was just a normal "recycling center for negative emotions"... Ha. Haha...
Isn't this just a contradiction? I feel like they're trying to fool me... They must be cooking up some huge conspiracy! I was going to take this information public... But they put me under house arrest in the name of "treatment" and planned to erase my memory!
F—Fortunately, I escaped... escaped to this land of Dreamflux. Dreams are not safe... Dreams are a lie!
Hahaha, we're all going to die!
S—Seele? Y—You aren't the boss of me! I—I can go wherever I want, it's none of your beeswax!
Wh—Who asked you to do anything? I was just about to escape, I didn't need your help at all!
Uh... About that...
...200...
Uh... 200 shield...
No! ...Not this time. I really need money... my daddy...
No... *sob*...
What... what's this?
*sniffle* ...Th—Thank you! I...
I—I promise! I'll never steal things again!
Th—Thank you, whoever you are! You guys can take all of these things!
Y—You guys need to be careful, too! There seems to be something real scary in that house up on the hill...
Oh, r—right! The road across from the market is blocked... If you wanna go further, you'll have to go to the shopping street.
Um... There's always a way...
B—But this is mine, I found it on the ground...
O—Outworlder lady! Careful, they're dangerous...
Thanks, Miss March, I—I'm fine.
I—I don't know... I just found this coin on the floor...
Oh, I know! They said they were members of Miss Topaz's "support squad"... They said they'd gather the strongest Aether Spirits from across the universe and give them to her... so she could win the tournament!
I...
...I have no clue what this is or how to play that "Aetherium Wars" thingy...
I heard the other kids saying you were gonna be in the championship, so I came here specially to see you...
Honored guests, welcome to our humble eatery! What can we get for you today?
Something from Miss Tingyun for me...?
Hahaha, what a precious person she is. A sweet thing like her, gifting me a kitchen knife.
When she first ate here, I told her my motto: "You can't better your own food unless you taste it." Then she got me to talk about my hunting and cooking experiences out on other worlds.
She was captivated — she pestered me about dish after dish... At the end, she mentioned she wanted to get me a gift: "A sword for a hero, and a knife for a chef" — that's how she put it.
She probably came across some rare mineral and forged it by hand. Look how sharp it is! I bet it'd cut straight through a Thalassa Titanium Terrapin shell.
*sigh* Miss Tingyun is too kind. Who among the Aurum Alley vendors hasn't been spoiled by the generosity of Whistling Flames? Her Grand Fair puts small merchants like us in touch with big intergalactic vendors. If we're talking gifts, it's us who should be gifting her something.
I heard the trade port is open again for business. Miss Tingyun must be real busy, right?
Really, thank you so much. Why don't I give you all a demonstration and prepare a dish? My treat — I'd love to repay this kindness.
Speaking of which, it was our Chili Beef Offal Stew that first attracted Miss Tingyun to our restaurant, hehe. It's spicy, sumptuous, and guaranteed to get the mouth watering. Not even a girl as refined as Tingyun could resist the temptation.
This... This is real, right...?
The monster you mentioned... where did it come from? ...I wish—I wish I could take this knife and cut it to ribbons...
*sigh* Forget it... matters like these are beyond the control and understanding of a cook like me... Thank you, all of you. Let me prepare a dish for you... as a gift for Miss Tingyun.
It was our Chili Oil Beef Offal Stew that first attracted Miss Tingyun to our restaurant... I can't believe that she'll never taste it again. Please, you'll have to eat her share too.
It's a shame Miss Tingyun's too busy today...
If only Miss Tingyun could try this one last time...
Now, would you mind giving me the low-down on this crossover event?
Wow, that's a lot of information... I haven't wrapped my head around it, but I'm sure you'll do a good job.
If we want to start making takeout, we're gonna need more hands in the kitchen.
Mingxi, how likely is it that the guild will win the bid? I'm trying to work out what the future holds for Spices Supreme...
I'm glad to hear it! Dragon Lady, why don't you drop by the restaurant? I'll make you some smoked patty...
Hmm... Are those... temporary passes?
I haven't seen one of those for a long time. Hmm... The restricted zone virtually never allows outsiders in.
Sorry, I'm on duty, no time to chat.
If there's an issue, report to the security captain.
Aren't you the maintenance people? What are you doing over here?
You can't just go wherever you please in the restricted zone! Get to work!
I heard that there's an arrest warrant out in the city for some major criminals — they even recalled some of the Guards.
It never ends. Things are bad enough on the front line without things going south behind us...
At least Captain Gepard's here, they say he captured the fugitives once already.
...Mechanical Fever released a new song. Did you hear it?
Sure did, Pela was on lead vocals this time, scared me half to death. It's a completely different style.
Even Mechanical Fever is changing... *sigh* Rock 'n' roll's dead, there's no audience anymore.
Don't be so pessimistic. They're just keeping things fresh. I thought Pela was pretty good.
Hmm-hmm... Did you hear Mallick is being reassigned? It seems like both the front line and the city are shorthanded right now.
Seriously? No way. I thought Mallick had only just been promoted?
Mysterious. It feels like something big's about to go down.
As long as it's away from the front line, I'd happily be reassigned... It's only been a year since I enlisted — I'm not ready to lose my life.
Ahh, you make it sound terrible. Good luck "preserving" anything with those idlers in the reserve units. Our purpose as Silvermane Guards is to protect the citizens of Belobog.
Yes, sir!
You, hold it right there!
This is a military base. Temporary workers aren't allowed in.
Lady Black Swan, you're here! I'm the constable, and this here assisting me is the bailiff for this case.
Don't interrupt. I wasn't talking to you. Ahem... I understand Lady Black Swan has quite the intellect. I'm sure you'll be able to get to the bottom of the Sparkle murder case!
Miss Sparkle was supposed to receive three valiant warriors at the Goldhammer residence today but upon their arrival, all they found was her body.
Miss Sparkle had been smashed over the head by a hammer, and died on the spot... Such a brutal act of violence!
...
No, there can only be one murderer! It's not an unsolved mystery if there are three murderers... Hang on... Wait...
...
Got it! Those three were all vying against each other to be number two. They couldn't have cooperated on anything! So it must have been one of them acting alone.
Please begin your investigation, Lady Black Swan! There are lots of clues at the crime scene that are sure to help you apprehend the real culprit.
Don't push it! Lady Black Swan, whatever you do — don't push it!
That's the "Mutually Assured Destruction" button that Miss Sparkle installed. Once pushed, Miss Sparkle and the entirety of Penacony will instantaneously go up in smoke!
Miss Sparkle also has her own button. The second she pushes hit, you and the entirety of Penacony will instantaneously go up in smoke!
Correct — exactly the same.
Aren't you going to ask me why?
Because she is fair.
Have you ever heard of something called a Red Herring in detective stories? It's a fake clue that leads you down the wrong path!
Th—That's just in case you didn't realize the ingenuity of Miss Sparkle, and were worried about her throwing out a random useless clue...
Please begin your investigation, Lady Black Swan! There are lots of clues at the crime scene that are sure to help you apprehend the real culprit.
...
Beep beep beep — ! You have answered correctly. As expected, you didn't disappoint, Lady Black Swan. Game rules stipulate I must tell you where the next puzzle is.
Please begin your investigation, Lady Black Swan! There are lots of clues at the crime scene that are sure to help you apprehend the real culprit.
It's a bit embarrassing, but I wanted my Dad to give you this notebook...
...I wanted to tell you that you've inspired me to keep working hard and achieve my goal, even if it's hard to reach!
I wanna team up with my friends and help everyone together so they can smile again.
I'll listen to their thanks and then yell out my winning slogan:
"The Moltammerville warrior, the peerless Boulder Champion..."
"...upholding justice and peace once again!"
Then, I wanna chase away all the bad things hurting everyone...
I'll make the Underworld safe, then yell out my other winning slogan:
"The Moltammerville warrior, the peerless Boulder Champion..."
"...defeater of evil throughout the world!"
Lastly... I wanna make life better for the Underworld!
Mom said there's someone called Svarog who keeps stopping us from going back to the Overworld...
"But Svarog is too strong! We'll never win!" My friends are gonna all wanna back out when they hear about this.
But I know I have to be an example for everyone. I need to stick my neck out and go challenge Svarog on my own.
"Bam! Crack! Boom!" It's gonna be such an epic fight! And then we'll reach a draw. Neither of us will be able to win.
But Svarog will acknowledge my strength and be willing to listen to the Underworlders.
So, it'll be a happy ending! My friends will clap, and all the people suffering will be free.
But... all that is just my dream. I dunno how long it's gonna be till it becomes reality...
I'm lying in bed sick right now, but as long as Mister Luka is around I won't be scared! I remember everything you said to encourage me.
Before becoming a champion, I wanna defeat this illness first.
I hope... No, I believe Mister Luka will support me till the end, right?
"A few days ago, the IPC made an announcement..."
"Under the watchful guidance of the Marketing Development Department and in accordance with the Interstellar Peace Charter, the independent Sigonian Sovereignty has hereby been established, and shall take a legislative seat at the Interstellar Congress..."
"The formation of the Sigonian Sovereignty is of great historical significance to the Sigonia system: This move puts an end to the planet's long and bloody history, turning the sensational Katica-Avgin Extinction Event into a distant memory..."
"Sigonia-IV is located in an unclaimed zone at the intersection of the Dnies, Pruthian, and Dorneau star clusters. The planet's surface environment is known for being extremely harsh, constantly faced with the threat of impact from small-scale celestial objects..."
"This is why very few intelligent species have made this planet their home. Dividing themselves into several tribes to eke out nomad lifestyles as they struggle to survive the arid desert wilderness, they have developed their own folk beliefs that are independent of the Aeon belief system..."
"...Days ago, the Interastral Peace Corporation's market trailblaze mission in Sombor was coming to an end..."
"The representative of the Citizen Court of Sombor, Schattenkornug, announced that the entire Star District of Sombor had unanimously adopted a resolution at a meeting of the Court to join the Interstellar Congress as an observer entity..."
"The head of the Marketing Development Department, Oswaldo Schneider, claimed that this move would 'lay a solid foundation to fight for the fundamental freedoms of all citizens of Sombor' and serve as an important demonstration of the company's pioneering work in the unclaimed region of Sigonia..."
The IPC has announced that its Strategic Investment Department has completed the recovery and remediation of the Chakwakad Chain...
The Chakwakad Chain, located in the Acunawakad Sector, was once a vital trading port for the IPC. However, it was captured by the combined forces of the Fitzgerald Paramilitary Navy during the Interstellar Energy War...
What was left of the sector became a hub for the Interstellar Slave Market and has fallen into the hands of space pirates, posing a significant threat to trade and shipping in the neighboring sectors...
Under the guidance of Jade, an esteemed member of the Strategic Investment Department, the Star Chain has now been returned to its rightful owner. However, the rampant spread of the Interstellar Slave Trade and piracy remains a pressing concern for the IPC. The IPC is fully committed to...
"...According to a Pier Point hotline tip, there was a major breakthrough in the shocking Egyhazo Aventurine case. The suspect has been arrested..."
"This fraud case has been linked to many departments within the Interastral Peace Corporation and the Intelligentsia Guild, causing a large drain in manpower and resources, resulting in the IPC taking a massive loss..."
"The case's main suspect originates from Sigonia-IV, and is one of the survivors of the "Second Katica-Avgin Extinction Event," who does not carry an Interstellar Refugee Travel Permit..."
"As per Strategic Investment Department head Diamond's sentiments, the IPC has appropriately relocated the suspect in the spirit of the Charter, and will continue to conduct further investigations as to the motive of the suspect..."
"Newsflash from the Interastral Peace Broadcast: The IPC Marketing Development Department's spokesperson confirms that a small-scale rebellion has broken out in the unclaimed region of Sigonia. The situation is now under control..."
"The insurgents are from a local clan known as Katica, which has a long history of disdain towards the IPC. This has caused a serious negative impact to the work of the IPC's Marketing Development Department..."
"The clan launched a massive attack on the Avgin, who were under the protection of the IPC, resulting in 6,728 deaths and 3,452 missing. The casualties are currently under the care of the Frontline Trauma Team..."
"The spokesperson expresses his deepest condolences for this devastating humanitarian disaster, at the same time delivering an important message on this matter to all interplanetary citizens..."
"Finally, he proclaims: 'The hammer of Preservation will fall for all beings, regardless of life or death, regardless of race, regardless of ideology, to uphold the basic rights we inherently possess.'"
...What was that? You'll have to be louder! My ears aren't what they used to be — everything's muffled.
Hah? Follow-up visit? Is that what you're asking about?
*sigh* Natasha's a wonderful girl. She always gives me a thorough checkup...
But at this age, it's rather a lot to bear. Even if they could cure me, I'm sure I wouldn't be around for long. I don't want to waste anyone's time...
Not for youngsters like yourself. When you get to my time of life, good health is a bit of a luxury I'm afraid.
That girl's always trying to get me to take my medicine on time. *sigh* I know her heart's in the right place...
My husband had the same illness as me, but he never touched the medicine. He wanted to make sure I had enough.
Then one day, he said he needed to take care of some things at the mine. He never came back...
He was forever saying he wanted to go before I did. Hehe... Selfish old fool...
I miss him. Now that he's gone, who cares how long I stick around?
...Do you think so? Wouldn't he want me to hurry up and join him...?
Hmph... Kids today don't give up easily.
...You're not wrong, I suppose. That girl certainly spares me no effort, but I always feel like I'm a burden to her...
You don't give up easily, do you? Still... you're full of kind words.
Okay, you win. It's off for another follow-up visit with Dr. Natasha, I suppose...
Mm? Did you want to say something else? My ears are terrible...
Virtual who?
Alright, I heard you! Do you have to shout? ...No, I've never heard of any mutual aid society...
H—How dare you speak to Dr. Natasha like that! Where are your manners...
Have some respect for Dr. Natasha...
Hey, twerp! Hand over that coin!
Where did mask-dude come from? And what does it have to do with you whether I'm a player or not?
Ha! You've got some nerve...
Hey, it's those two twerps again!
You brats dare underestimate us? You won't get away with it twice!
Grr... Not again!
Ha! I knew it, I knew we'd run into you two here!
You just don't get it, do you? That Aether Spirit of yours is of vital importance to Director Topaz!
If that's how you're going to be, then we have no choice but to challenge you again!
WHAT!? How could we lose three times in a row to these twerps...
Hehe... Just as expected!
It's all your fault, making us look bad in front of the director! But since you're here...
Well, since you asked so nicely...
That sounds like...
D—Director Topaz, we're sorry!
Here's a taste of our full strength!
At last, we've found you!
No, no, no, no! You're exactly who we're looking for — the illustrious Miss March!
Well, it's because... because...
Only the strongest are worthy of the title "champion!" And we always follow the strongest!
I'm already retired from appraising ancient relics. So unless this detector is some kind of precious treasure...
...
Oh ho ho, this certainly is a rare relic! Let me take a closer look...
This device... I've been in the business for a long time, but never have I seen an ancient relic like this one before.
I think this is probably beyond repair. But still, it is a rare treasure. Even broken, I'd be willing to pay a high price for it. What do you say?
The detector's probe is gone, it's like searching for something without eyes or ears. Now it's nothing more than a pile of junk with no practical value.
I'm willing to offer a generous price for this thing. So, do you want to sell it or not?
The detector's probe is gone, it's like searching for something without eyes or ears. Who's going to want a pile of junk?
I don't believe any other stores will buy it off you. Come on, I'll give you a nice deal.
Oh-ho? Did a little bird tell you? Alright, I won't pretend otherwise. Yes, old man Fersman sold it to me.
Sadly, I wasn't able to get hold of the Geomarrow Probe... *sigh* What good is this detector on its own?
Thief? I didn't send a thief.
I did arrange for a young apprentice to attend the auction, but he lost out in the bidding.
I arranged for a young apprentice to attend the auction, but he lost out in the bidding.
Hmph, clearly you don't understand the value of ancient relics.
Shame, it's becoming increasingly difficult to find a Geomarrow Probe... The more I think about it, the more I realize that this deal was a big mistake... *sigh*
Fersman wouldn't want to be the sucker, would he? But maybe I should ask him... It would be great to get rid of it as early as possible...
...Really?
Hmph, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt... Let me find Fersman and ask if he intends to sell the probe.
Do you think I don't know how rare that probe is? I need to find out who that buyer at the auction was...
You know, there's loads of monsters attacking the space station this time, and some of them aren't even on the station's records—
Hey, how old are you? Don't be a baby!
Please stop crying. *gasp* How about I pretend to be a monster for you, huh?
Raaaawr!
That's me. What's up?
Don't worry, I think I figured something out. Catch you later.
So, which Curio do you wanna know about?
That's all you got? Too abstract.
Well, there's beauty in the abstract I guess.
Have you asked the Department of Ecology head?
She's not wrong... but that doesn't feel entirely right either.
Huh, now that you mention it... I have a wild hypothesis, but it needs verifying.
Let's call it a day. Wait for me, I'll be in touch.
Have you asked the Department of Ecology head?
She's not wrong... but that doesn't feel entirely right either.
Ahh, that's right. They're called heliobi. I guess you could say that wubbaboos and heliobi are sort of like cousins — both are types of energy lifeform.
Huh, now that you mention it... I have a wild hypothesis, but it needs verifying.
Let's call it a day. Wait for me, I'll be in touch.
Let's call it a day. Wait for me, I'll be in touch.
We meet again. Did you find any new creatures recently?
But you have the talent! You'll attract a huge audience... You're destined for the Iris' stage, not for this run-down shack!
Come with me! We'll become the talk of Penacony, shining light into every corner of the Dreamscape! Please, Siobhan, I really need you...
Fine... If you don't come along, I'll just sit here and not go anywhere else. Give me a sparkling drink, sweet, with extra ice.
You're one of Siobhan's guests, right? What can I do for you? If you're here to convince me to leave, please stop it. I'll never leave until she accepts my proposal...
I just don't get why she won't leave this place... this run-down shack with no customers whatsoever.
Ah, forget it. I'll just stay here and wait until she changes her mind.
I've seen it... the moment when Siobhan and I share the stage.
The crowd is going wild, applause crashing like waves. The aroma of irises fills the air, a beautiful melody playing, ribbons dancing around us. And the taste... is sweeter than honey.
I've seen that scene countless times in my dreams, and every time, it mesmerizes me. That's why I have to bring her back to that world, no matter what it takes.
Want to raise a glass, my attentive listener? Let's consider it... a toast to my far-fetched dream.
...It's ridiculous, right? Our paths were never meant to cross, yet I'm still holding on to her...
I'm too timid and shy, longing to shine but afraid of stepping into the spotlight. I need her guidance, because I'll never be able to do anything alone...
You don't know Siobhan's past, and you have no clue how... radiant she used to be. Even among the talented Iris Family, her skill was unmatched.
I know... she probably thinks I'm just trying to ride her fame to get ahead, but all I want is for her to reclaim her place...
Those darn Iris jerks! They're the ones who forced Siobhan into hiding here, running this pesky bar... It's all their dirty scheming!
Ah... I get it now. She's not leaving because she doesn't want to run into them again!
I... I can help clear the way for her. I can do her a favor! I'll go back and write a letter to the Dreammaster, exposing the crimes committed by the Iris Family... Siobhan will definitely appreciate it!
Well... talking to you has got me feeling a bit down. My thoughts are swirling, making my mind clear and bringing tears to my eyes...
Maybe... I should find a place to reflect on what Siobhan truly means to me...
Here's the payment for the drinks. Please pass it on to her. I'm leaving now.
Do you think I look like Clockie?
I'm taller than the base.
I wish I were a little bit taller...
Give me... give me some money now...
Do you want...
We're the only newspaper agency in the dream.
I told you, there's every kind of dream in here...
The number one luxury store across the whole dreamscape...
If it's not expensive, then you can have it for free!
I nearly got smashed by a Spheroid today.
You look utterly clueless...
Kid!? You're the kid!
Now this is how the Pepeshi dance!
I'm a big shot!
If I don't win something soon...
I used to be a tenor.
Whoa. It's squirting.
Miss Claudia!
Where does art come from?
I don't know anything. I don't have anything to say.
My name's A-Feng — I was the one who brought out the box containing the Golden Cloud Toad.
If goods need to be inspected, we remove the packaging ahead of time — you wouldn't want to do all that work yourself, would you?
I was told to move something, and I did. I had no knowledge of the presence of an ingenium. This matter has nothing to do with me.
I just want to avoid any misunderstanding, in case someone has it in their head that I intentionally misplaced an item...
Ah! Th—That... must be some kind of mistake.
I'm a dock worker, after all. How could I conspire with the IPC?
Everyone knows the IPC wants to use the dock debt to discredit the Merchant Guild. The Merchant Guild are the ones who gave me a job, not the IPC — why would I side with them?
I...
This has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
My name's A-Feng — I was the one who brought out the box containing the Golden Cloud Toad.
I was told to move something, and I did. I had no knowledge of the presence of an ingenium. This matter has nothing to do with me.
I'm a dock worker, after all. How could I conspire with the IPC?
Alright, alright, enough already!
The IPC was worried that the lease for the dock would be paid off, so they had me move some things around... is that so terrible?
Is letting the IPC take over management of Aurum Alley such a bad thing? Besides, what's it to you if I make some extra money?
Keep your heads in the sand if you like, but it's only a matter of time before Aurum Alley becomes another warehouse for the IPC!
Hmph, even if you pay back the debt, where are you gonna get enough money to win the bid for Aurum Alley?
Hmph, what do you take me for? I'm not falling for that.
Beep, beep, beep... Self introduction: I am Richard, the Home-Use Object Finder. Model information: Version 0.63, Professional model, Annual Deluxe package. Nickname: "Findie."
Beep, beep, beep... My brainwave scanner module is damaged. Please send me to an Interastral Peace Appliances retail store near you for free repair within the warranty period of 232 years 84 days.
Beep, beep, beep... Alien, please take me to an Interastral Peace Appliances retail store to conduct repairs—
Beep, beep, beep... Yes, yes, yes. When you need to find something you can't see, just call upon Findie. That's me.
Beep, beep, beep... Not a trashcan! Yes, yes, yes. When you need to find something you can't see, just call upon Findie. That's me.
Beep, beep, beep... Friends, do you need to find something? Findie can help.
Beep, beep, beep... My brainwave scanner module is indeed broken. However, manual input for search is still operable.
Come on. Input the name of the object you are looking for. Findie can help.
Beep, beep, beep... Request is being processed...
Beep, beep, beep... Match successful... Initiating search for lost item: Mine Cart Pin...
Beep, beep, beep! Item found. Please commence search according to the Home-Use Object Finder Safety Manual.
Beep, beep, beep... What's that? Is that a hint of respect for Findie?
Beep, beep, beep... Biological life form search is currently not supported. If you have any questions, please call Interastral Peace Appliances.
Beep, beep, beep... Initiating search for lost item: Mine Cart Wheelset...
Beep, beep, beep! Item found. Please commence search according to the Home-Use Object Finder Safety Manual.
Beep, beep, beep... It was nothing. Interastral Peace Appliances, your most trustworthy companion.
Beep, beep, beep... Current search complete. *yawn* Entering sleep mode. Please recharge the Home-Use Object Finder.
Beep, beep, beep... Findie the Home-Use Object Finder at your service. Please say the target object you want to search for.
Wow, you can talk as well, little thing?
Well, well, well! What's this, playing detective, are we?
You little brat! How dare you label me a thief! Someone needs to give you a good lesson on manners! I'm an honest and decent man, I'd never do such a shady thing!
Oh, you have a temper, huh? Alright, I'll spare a couple minutes for your little detective game.
I'm a cook, what else would I be doing? Don't you notice the smoky cooking smell all over me?
It's just that I happened to be out shopping for ingredients at that time. Otherwise, who'd want anything to do with this kind of thing?
That old Fersman was kind to me. When we were at Rivet Town, he put me in charge of the whole mining team's food supply.
And it's because I trusted him that I came to this mine with him. I mean, I didn't expect he would take that money for himself...
Anyway, he found that Geomarrow vein by himself, so I won't blame him for not sharing. But y'know, what he did was not like the old Fersman I knew.
Well... I don't want to be a snitch, but out of my respect for Fersman, I'll tell you a secret.
The helper over there, I saw him sneak into Fersman's tent and come out holding a box. See? Isn't he the most suspicious one?
Hehe, I don't care if you believe me or not. Told you all I know. Now leave me alone if you don't have any more questions, I'm busy.
I told you. I'm sure that helper is the thief.
No, no, why are you making this so complicated? Do you want it or not? Just tell me!
Hey! How can you sell me out like that! We had a deal...
This... this is all that old Fersman's fault! Just because he has this device I'm holding, he can make a fortune... It's not fair!
What kind of a reason are you looking for? With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
The heck if I care! With the Underworld in such a sad state, how are we supposed to survive if we don't resort to robbing and stealing?
Hmph, anyway, I got the device now! Come take it... if you have the guts!
...I'm not afraid of you!
So you succeeded in dousing the elixir cauldrons...
Unimportant. The inevitable is already upon us.
Crimes? If I am guilty, then all of our Xianzhou ancestors are also guilty! They were the ones who accepted the blessings of the Abundance and turned their descendants into long-life species...
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus are only walking on the road our ancestors once took. How is it a crime to seek ascendance?
In days of old, the roots of the Ambrosial Arbor enveloped the Xianzhou Luofu like a living creature. We controlled the stellar seas and none could stand in our way. Everyone could become a celestial and shift form at will. Divine miracles descended onto all nine Xianzhou ships. What a glorious time that was...
How far the Xianzhou has fallen! We consent to be commanded by the Devilish Archer, suffer continuously at the hands of the Denizens of Abundance, and the Ten-Lords Commission even forces us to give up our immortality...
How pitiful! I do not blame you for your ignorance — we were not born in the era when the Ambrosial Arbor first descended, nor did we witness its miracles. But now we now have an opportunity to restore the ancient laws...
I have nothing to say to you, Master diviner — you have already made your decision. You have discarded power... a most foolish choice.
I have met you before in my capacity as chief alchemist, master diviner... You don't seem surprised.
And you, the Nameless. You stand with the Cloud Knights too...
The Ambrosial Arbor's descent... will bring us undying bodies...
The one who gave us the Stellaron... said that...
Phantylia... the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have fulfilled our promise...
You, Lord Ravager, must do the same... Now! Quickly!
Master Diviner, allow me to show you what the celestials were capable of.
Merciful Medicus, hear my call!
Chisel out the form, control the flesh and bone!
Uh...? How? She promised...
Why... why? She said...
My name is Shatana, and I have a deal to offer you.
Have you heard of... Tatalov the Garbage King?
Natasha who? I don't recall meeting such a person.
Let's get back to the question... Have you heard of Tatalov the Garbage King?
You're... probably just experiencing some déjà vu...
Let's get back to the question... Have you heard of Tatalov the Garbage King?
He's our king, as well as the manager of all the waste in this world. Perched on his throne, he uplifts trashcans that are humble and suppresses those that are violent. He's the cornerstone of Belobog, the lid that secures us, the barrel that reinforces us.
However, since the thing from beyond the sky arrived here along with the Eternal Freeze, Tatalov's eyes have been blinded. He stopped listening to our calls, leaving the impoverished to be bullied and his loyal servants to be degraded...
A change was overdue, as the humiliation was too much for us. We intended to help Tatalov mend his ways under the banner of the Skyfire...
The humiliation was too much for us. We intended to help Garbage King mend his ways under the banner of the Skyfire... But we were no match for the sinister king, who spread vicious rumors among the trashcans to divide us against each other. As a result, we could no longer communicate with one another using {RUBY_B#Heart}trashbags{RUBY_E#}...
...I implore your help to restore peace to the trash bags, so that the trashcans here may be united once more. Then, we'll be able to launch a counterattack against that undeserving king.
Well, that seals the deal.
You have one mission — help the trashcans with their troubles and collect three Proofs of Trust.
Once you've accomplished that, you'll become our new king and lead our fight against the evil king. Off you go, dream diver... Your mission is calling for you.
Off you go, dream diver... Your mission is calling for you.
Excellent. Looks like you've held up your side of the deal...
Impressive... It's hard to believe you've collected all the Proofs of Trust. Your determination is truly admirable...
...I've waited so long for this day. Here, I'll escort you to your throne, the Pillars of Creation, where you'll witness the future of my people...
I wish you success.
You little brat — who said you could touch this?
Exactly! What's it to you? Sneaking around with a mask on — you must be some kind of creep.
You're in for a rude awakening — prepare to face the might of "Topaz's Support Squad!"
It's the two who ruined our plans! Hand over the Trotter, now!
I'll teach you two twerps a lesson you'll never forget!
Another failure... The shame, the shame!
It's those little twerps from the Express!
Just hand them over already and save us the hassle! We're just doing our job!
We've been training hard too, there's no way we're losing to you this time!
Three times... It's not FAIR!
We knew you'd turn up here sooner or later! Come to challenge the final championship contender?
...We'll be taking back what's ours!
...But don't think we'll be taking it easy on you!
...Director Topaz!?
We messed up!
If you only knew what it took to find you!
All hail the champion!
From now on, we're known as the "Trailblazer Support Squad!"
Hehe... to borrow Gallagher's catchphrase, "what an unpredictable twist of fate."
I've been keeping an eye on you since the day you arrived in Penacony. We would have met under more appropriate circumstances if Dreamflux Reef hadn't been isolated from the Twelve Dreamscapes.
Please allow me to formally introduce myself. I'm Micah, the Gravekeeper of Dreamflux Reef.
Life in Dreamflux Reef is pretty liberating. Everyone here mostly keeps to themselves, without meddling in others' affairs. My daily task involves... cleaning a few tombstones.
Hmm? Were you talking to me, Mr. Yang?
Heh, they're actually just symbolic stones. But since you're curious, Mr. Yang, I'll take you there. I have a feeling you might find something of interest there.
But before that, you'll have an important guest joining you.
This way, please. The roads here in Dreamflux Reef are a bit run-down, so watch your step.
There she is.
This is the monument I mentioned earlier. The names inscribed on it... should be familiar to all of you.
When Penacony was known as a frontier prison, it was the Trailblazers who connected it with the stars. They were the heroes who saved Asdana, and their names deserve to be immortalized — not just on this small stone tablet, but in the annals of history for all of time.
However, today the Planet of Festivities is nothing but sweet dreams. That heavy piece of history is all a distant memory... just like that prison.
Razalina was killed during the War of Independence. She ventured alone into the heart of the star system to investigate the flow of memoria, but she never returned...
Tiernan was a skilled gunslinger, strong and reliable. He led the people through countless battles, but he didn't live long enough to witness the arrival of true peace.
In the decade following the War, Penacony faced challenges internal and external. To protect Asdana, Tiernan took up the way of the Trailblaze and led the Lampmoth Family to explore beyond the system, only to be surrounded... and wiped out by the Swarm.
Well I did my job — I gathered everyone here. Gallagher will explain the rest to you... Take care.
Where are you going, Watchmaker?
Because you're all we have! Have you forgotten about Tiernan? The Cosmos is way more dangerous now! What will happen to Penacony if we lose you, too?
I have the whole day to spare. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Dreamjolt Hostelry!
This bar offers a wide variety of drinks, but we draw the line at SoulGlad. Why settle for ordinary when you can experience extraordinary? We're dedicated to serving up nothing but pure joy and laughter.
What would you like to drink? I'll whip it up for you.
Who's Serval? Will you introduce me to her?
They're all under the counter. Since our guests have traveled from afar, shouldn't you whip up some special drinks?
Why, we're in a dream, my lovely lady. You can help yourself to anything if you wish for it — comfort, hunger, confusion, or even boredom... It's all within reach, right at your fingertips.
Only then can a perfect drink, crafted with the customer's life story, be created.
And let me tell you, don't underestimate the bartenders of Penacony, especially not Gallagher. This guy is pure magic... He can satisfy even the pickiest of customers.
Don't go easy on this old man. Give him a real challenge.
Did you find the bottle of syrup I've been hoarding? Don't worry, it's all just a dream, and it won't upset your stomach. It's been aging for years, and should have a refined taste by now. Feel free to have some. It's perfect for entertaining lovely guests like you.
Haven't I made myself clear enough, Ms. Amiky? The Dreamjolt Hostelry only welcomes guests who want to enjoy a drink to their heart's content. I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in your proposal.
...
...As you see, I'm entertaining my guests. Don't make me repeat myself.
Just one moment.
...Amiky has left?
*sigh* That's good for her... Radiant dreams may be enticing, but they're nothing more than dreams. Her drink is on the house. Please keep the money.
When you're ready, go to Gallagher. I can tell he's itching to show off his skills.
Well done, Gallagher. You're not over the hill yet.
Hello! Allow me to introduce myself. My name's Topaz — I work in the IPC's Strategic Investment Department. I've heard about the many great feats of the Nameless and the Astral Express — it's truly a pleasure to meet you. Oh, hehe, and this is my little second-in-command — Numby! Say hi to everyone, Numby!
Long time no see! How have you been? Clocking in a lot of overtime?
Ugh, why do they have to call me for such a trivial matter... Sorry, something just came up at work, I've got to get going!
How does that song go again? "The place you can't go back to is called home." Well, that might sound dramatic, but I really haven't been back home for a long time... and frankly, I don't want to.
Protecting the interests of the vast majority of people is the reason I chose this career path. The IPC has given me an excellent platform to pursue my goals... and for that, I have nothing to complain about.
There are so many tricks for dealing with people in the workplace that I can't even list them all. But I always believe that the most important part is to remain sincere — whether it's with coworkers or with customers. That's my bottom line.
Do you know what year it is? Who works for money these days? Money is a means, not an end. Work should make you happy... That's the most fundamental principle.
The vast starry sky, the billions of cute, magical critters... Even if only for them, I've gotta work hard.
The trouble with being too good at math is that everyone treats you like a human calculator. So yeah, that's why I rarely talk about my expertise in that area.
I used to think creatures from different ecosystems would be incapable of living together, so I divided my home into different ecological zones, but now... Look! Look how well these two are getting along! They're obviously from different planets, but they're best friends now! Isn't that amazing!?
Every family has its problems, this I understand. But if everyone were to stop repaying their debts, the whole system would collapse... If that time comes, what was once thought of as a trivial matter would become a hardship for the world.
They've always liked shiny things — gold coins, gems, you name it. They're like a big fat investment account accruing interest... Guess I should've just named them "Piggy."
In the IPC — no — even just the Strategic Investment Department — there are plenty of unsavory characters I don't care for. They may be my colleagues, but we're not the same. Take Aventurine, for instance... I sincerely hope you never have to deal with him.
The supreme guardian of Belobog... Well, she's an impressive little girl well beyond her years in maturity... Huh? You're saying I'm about her age? No, no, no, totally different circumstances, no comparison at all...
I've heard about Himeko of the Astral Express — my colleagues were gossiping about how beautiful and knowledgeable she is. If I ever get the chance, I'd love to meet her.
The most mysterious character on the Astral Express is that conductor — the one who looks like a little creature... Their reputation precedes them. If they're as interesting as the rumors suggest, I'll definitely have to meet them sooner or later! And hopefully, I'll get to pet them too!
Lady Asta! Now that's a real lady if I ever saw one. You'll never guess just how wealthy she really is!
Stellaron Hunters? We aren't acquainted. Never worked with them on any projects. Supposedly those guys are hard to get in touch with, but they have an unexpectedly good credit record — which I value far more than any groundless conspiracy theories.
Am I... just a failed experiment?
...I'm just an expendable failure of a clock, aren't I?
"Play"... So, I'm not just a failed clock, I'm also a failed toy.
Don't be naive, buddy. Failure isn't a sickness — it's a sin, and sins can't be cured.
Oh, another group of opportunistic challengers. Sorry, though I may be a failure of a clock, I still have my principles.
You guys are just like the other challengers. You want to enter my inner self? Then please, be my guest. But you won't find anything worthwhile... I'm just a failed piece.
See, I'm just empty inside.
I can't believe it's actually Clockie! Why would you come and visit a failure of a clock like me for no reason?
I... I came across a startling revelation yesterday. Apparently, Dreamscape Ticker isn't the same as Clockie at all. It's just a discarded prototype from Clockie's early development.
Please... just leave me be, Clockie. I just don't know how to face you... because I'm just a failure.
Am I... just a failed experiment?
Thank you, Clockie... If not for you, I'd never be able to connect with people like this — you helped me find myself again!
My friends, you still have other important things to do, right?
Go forth, my friends — when the moment comes, all the Dream Tickers and I will cheer for you!
Please... just leave me be, Clockie. I just don't know how to face you... because I'm just a failure.
I'm not qualified to be the real Clockie. Just give up, Clockie!
Go forth, my friends — when the moment comes, all the Dream Tickers and I will cheer for you!
Wow! This sudden surge of joy...
As recorded in the ancient texts, this body of water was brought by my people from our home world — it formed part of the Roiling Deep. It is as pure here as it was there.
Our dragon ancestors nurtured us with the water of life and bestowed us with the permanence of the Vidyadhara.
Use Scalegorge Waterscape to seal the Arbor? Treason! Blasphemy!
You've lost your senses! You think this will gain the trust of the Xianzhou natives? Those who are not of our kind can never be of our mind!
I... very well. In that case, I will report you to the Preceptors and have you stripped of the name and power of the high elder.
Who are you!?
That traitor is already dead. Who are you? What do you want with the high elder?
This power... it rivals the tidal forces in Scalegorge Waterscape. Is that you, Dan Feng... Have you returned?
There's no mistake... This old man would recognize your voice anywhere. Hehe... Have you come to this sacred place to repent?
The proud son of the Vidyadhara, hero of the High-Cloud Quintet, hehe... You fought with us your whole life — how far you have fallen...
You availed yourself of the Transmutation Arcanum to summon that draconic abomination... and almost laid waste to Scalegorge Waterscape in the process!
If your allies hadn't united to slay it, then the abomination would have destroyed the Ambrosial Arbor's seal. Tell me, did it sadden you to watch the abomination perish?
As the high elder, you should have freed us from the plight of rebirth and set foot on a brand-new path... but instead you were seduced by your reputation and abandoned yourself... You counted Xianzhou natives and even short-life species among your friends...
The upcoming trial is your final chance. Hand over the secrets of the Transmutation Arcanum now, and the Preceptors can help you keep your secret.
Isn't that draconic abomination you created proof of the Transmutation Arcanum's success?
Our laws could have seen you executed — pity that the high elder succession could not be allowed to die with you.
Caelorum Venti of the Yaoqing put forward a strong case for you, and the Ten-Lords Commission spared you from capital punishment. But the punishment of molting rebirth could not be avoided.
Impossible, I—I still live! The high elder succession will not be severed in this generation...
If you prefer, you can call me by a more familiar name, the Watchmaker.
Unfortunately, that legendary figure is no more. I'm only a reflection of his life.
As for the child who has been with you, he's the innocent protagonist of Misha's childhood dream, a friend of Clockie, a young apprentice, and a future mechanic on the Express...
And this also marks the beginning of his journey devoted to the Trailblaze.
At the end of the journey, I left this little flame, which I so cherished, in my deepest dreams, hoping to pass it on to the Nameless of future generations.
However, he somehow left the dream bubble and forgot all about his task. I apologize for all the confusion this caused.
Well, I have a sarcastic friend who says I always take big detours and end up back where I started... Perhaps that's what every Nameless has to go through.
But in the end, you've found me. I'm sure you're all wondering what my legacy is. I believe my hound has mentioned the Stellaron and my wealth...
If I may apologize, the Stellaron part is real. As for my wealth, however, it's nothing more than a baseless rumor.
I left my homeland as a child and embarked on the journey of Trailblaze. I traveled to various planets until finally reaching Asdana, where my friends and I built the original Penacony and fought for its future ever since...
I've been moving forward all my life, doing what I could to overcome the obstacles in my path. But ultimately, my journey reached its end, and I left behind no possessions worth entrusting...
So, if you ask what's left within this worn-out train engine that can be called a "legacy"... I suppose it's the things that are still burning in the engine's furnace.
Now that you're well aware of the current situation of Penacony, I certainly hope that you'll help me get this world back on track. But I'll leave that decision to you, for the path of Trailblaze is never paved by others.
All I have for you is a story and two gifts...
I want to give you my pocket watch. It has accompanied me throughout my long journey, guiding that naive child forward, and has been blessed with the presence of so many great people up to this day.
And my hat, too. The one who navigated for me placed it on my head and planted a fanciful thought in my mind — the Trailblazing expedition will never end.
Now, it's time for you to make your choice. Once you've made up your mind, open that door and enter the long dream of an old man.
I'll be waiting for you at the end of this corridor of time.
Huh, Hook? What's the matter?
Wha— Oh if I'd known I would become a suspect, I wouldn't have gone out at that time... How foolish of me.
O—Of course not! I didn't do anything wrong...
Okay... ask away. It would be good to clear myself of suspicion.
Nothing special. I just went out to get some fresh air.
Oh dear, oh dear... I know that's a lame alibi! But I swear it's the truth.
Mr. Fersman? He's a good person. Though... oh, er, uh, never mind.
Oh no, oh no... I must sound very suspicious. But I really didn't do anything. You have to believe me...
Detector? No, I haven't seen anything, and I don't know anything...
Is that all the questions you have? Have I proven my innocence?
Oh dear... All this waiting around is enough to make me even more anxious...
I didn't steal it. Really, it wasn't me...
Wha— What? You have the wrong person, I didn't steal anything! Waaaah... I knew you'd suspect me. I shouldn't have returned to the shelter at that time. If only I hadn't returned to the shelter...
I really didn't do it, I don't know anything!
You... you just think I'm a pushover. That's why you're treating me like this! Wah...
T—Tent? I've never even been close to Mr. Fersman's tent...
W— Well... you deduced wrong! What kind of reasoning are you even using!?
I beg you, I never even stole pocket money from my parents as a kid. Don't wrong an innocent person...
Tsk, when it rains, it pours. The Artisanship Commission has its own issues — sounds serious too! Go and inform the Cloud Knights — see if you can...
Oh, my apologies. I'm an orderly from the Realm-Keeping Commission. Judging by your dress, you must be visitors to the Luofu?
Sorry, the Xianzhou is currently caught in... unusual circumstances. But the Cloud Knights will resolve the issues as soon as possible.
For safety reasons, please stay in your residence and refrain from going out for the time being.
And I'm a civil servant — the general hired me.
Technically speaking, every traveler aboard the Luofu is a guest of the general.
If the port is still open, I would suggest you take a boat to Starskiff Haven right away, though I heard the route may have been temporarily suspended...
Oh, that reminds me... I have a friend with a starskiff and a travel permit — he could help you and your friends get over quickly. The price is fair and negotiable. What do you think?
Well now, you must be quite special! Don't spread this around, but this isn't some small-scale maintenance drill. The general has sent the Cloud Knights to check for hidden dangers.
You may not need it right now, but if there's any help I can give you, come to me any time.
Hmph, very well. I still have business to attend to. If you change your mind, come to me any time.
Ugh, they pay us next to nothing then order us straight to the front line when things go south... I must be crazy.
I'm Guangda, an orderly from the Realm-Keeping Commission. If you have an urgent issue, please go to the chancery... Huh? Aren't you the Healer Lady?
Hah, the Xianzhou did away with all that nonsense eras ago.
If it's official business you're here about, you'll need to go to the chancery — Dahao and Songyan should be there. I'm just an orderly... As for anything concerning the Dragon Lady, I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do.
You've got it wrong. That's not my ship, it's my friend's. My friend has a starskiff travel permit and can help you leave quickly... I'm not the one who owns the ship.
Yes, you can. but please keep it down! I can take you there if the price is right... Uh, I mean, my friend can take you there... so relax. How about it? Shall we set off?
How about it? Shall we set off?
Luka! You're finally here. I've been waiting for you for ages...
And these two are... Oh, Miss Seele!? To think that two senior Wildfire members are concerned with my trivial problems...
O—Okay... this may sound strange but — I'm an amateur mechanic. I like collecting scrap in my free time, doing odd jobs like putting robots together... that sort of thing.
But a few days ago, two of my robots suddenly disappeared! They were my pride and joy. I usually leave them in the tent when I head out — everyone in the settlement knows each other. This has never happened before...
Someone must have set their sights on my robots and stolen them while I was gone — I just don't know how they managed it. Did they change the programming? But that's not possible...
H—Hey, stop kidding around! Can't you tell I have a serious problem on my hands...?
*sigh* It's not impossible, I just don't think there's anyone in the settlement capable of something like that.
Not really... but here's the most mysterious part of all this:
One of the machines they stole was a drone — I call it Little Fay. Little Fay has an alarm that buzzes non-stop as soon as any unauthorized people get close. It's guaranteed to wake up the entire settlement.
But I didn't hear Little Fay's alarm at all... I still can't figure out how that happened.
No way! Little Fay was shipshape — not a hitch nor glitch in sight.
Let me think... Oh, there is one other thing, but I don't know if it's useful...
Little Fay also has a tracker. If it gets too far from Big Ben — oh, Big Ben is the name of the other robot — if there's too much distance between them, Little Fay will automatically start routing and fly to Big Ben's location.
...That's all I suppose. I tried to find clues myself, but I don't know where to start. This job needs real professionals...
Big Ben! You're back!
I've never doubted you, Luka! I'll remember this forever... Right, time to take Little Fay and Big Ben for a systems check — until next time!
Please, I'm depending on you for Little Fay and Big Ben!
They are the fruits of my entire life's labor...
...Norbert, why don't you tell everyone how you were released from jail so quickly?
Selling cultural relics and impersonating Silvermane Guards are both heinous crimes!
Well, I... don't really know about that...
Young lady, I have seen you on many occasions near the Everwinter Monument, teaching children the history of Belobog. I am truly in awe of your knowledge and patience!
I am Wallace Cambridge Limestein, the 25th head of the Limestein family. I am honored to make your acquaintance!
How could you say such a thing!? I just want everyone to have a proper understanding of basic manners.
I am Wallace Cambridge Limestein, the 25th head of the Lime—
Oh, as a matter of fact, I do. I noticed you two had been wandering around Administrative District Plaza for some time now, stopping to ask questions at every turn, so I surmised you were investigating something important.
As it so happens, I witnessed a strange incident recently that left me quite puzzled... After reflecting on it for a time, I decided it would be most appropriate to inform public officials.
I can't say for sure that it's directly related, but a friend of mine I no longer hear from used to frequent the museum, and often talked about its exhibits with a group of us tea lovers.
Precisely! His name is Norbert — we used to chat during lunch breaks in the lobby of the Goethe Hotel — along with a few other high-class individuals, of course.
And one day, Norbert suddenly stopped showing up to our tea parties. It was as though he disappeared into thin air. I still remember the last thing he said to me...
"Limestein, listen to me — one must be ambitious in life. I'm gonna do something big for once!"
I'm not entirely sure — I never asked.
You wouldn't understand — friendship between gentlemen is as pure as water. We are all dignified people, why bother with such trivial matters?
What a preposterous statement! You wouldn't understand — friendship between gentlemen is as pure as water. We are all dignified people, why bother with such trivial matters?
No, no, I should be thanking you, young lady of the Guards. Well then, if that's all, I shall take my leave.
Hmm? Is there anything worth my attention, or something you need to talk to me about?
The notice said that we have to confirm receipt.
Hmm? Is he too... y'know?
I'm going to the dock later...
Dumplings and steamed buns!
The buns are huge — just a few and you'll be full!
This store is a legacy of my ancestors.
Did you hear that your chief alchemist...
I hear there are still Disciples of Sanctus Medicus on the run...
I hear that pawnshop takes everything.
Haven't we met before?
I met someone I like in the dream.
Bro, are you feeling okay?
Today is a lucky day.
Excuse me! I need to take a photo.
A circular billiard table? That's new.
Why is it late again...?
*sigh* I can't believe the performance I've been looking forward to for so long is gone.
Esteemed guests, please stay in place and wait for your turn.
Well... it was all thanks to my uncle, you know...
Ahem... Yes, y—you knew that, too?
Do you think I wanted to? I'm not the type of person to abuse my status.
Ugh, get off my back, will you? I had to deal with hardened criminals in jail — now that I'm free my supposed "friends" are ganging up on me!
Stop acting like a wimp! You think you can make a fortune with that kind of attitude?
Don't overthink things — just play your part. Today's password is "roast the sausage, not the bread." You got that?
Don't let anything in that doesn't know the password — not even a fly! You got that?
...And the film? Is it packed and ready to go?
Very good, very good. Well done. Patience, soon we will all be rich.
Wh—What's going on? Who are you two?
Minions— I—I mean, Silvermane Guards! Get rid of these intruders immediately!
I... You... Th—This isn't right — you have no evidence of wrongdoing! We're just here to—
I... *whimper*
Silvermane Guard lady, I surrender! Take the microfilm back to the museum! I'm sorry!
I only ask one thing — please don't hand me over to my uncle! With Qlipoth as my witness, uncle would be so angry he'd turn me into a leather jacket!
*whimper* ...Mr. Cold Feet, what should I do in a situation like this? Save me, save me!
Ah... N—Nothing, I was just talking to myself....
I had my whole life ahead of me... is it all over? *whimper*
Holy mackerel, you scared the stars out of me... Y—You took your time!
That's right, I'm the one you're looking for.
Of course. Not only did I know you were coming, but I also know why.
Heh, you want to know who Richard_Knowitall from that Heritor group is, don't you?
Fans of Madam Herta. They call themselves the Heritors.
I'm a businesswoman, and we play by our own rules. If you want the scoop, you have to pay the price.
Certainly not. I have a very clear notion of how much different favors cost.
Don't worry, the price is a fair one. Why would I make it difficult for you?
I don't have any particular hobbies. I do indulge in a little tittle-tattling here and there, not to mention, admiring... of a certain scientist...
A—And now here you are, vanquishing monsters left, right, and center! I heard you're with the Astral Express...?
How fortunate! As it happens, I'm a huge fan of Himeko... An amalgamation of beauty and brains — the epitome of a graceful and gentle... scientist.
Can you help me take a hi-def portrait photo of Himeko smiling? Pleeeaase~
Make sure you capture her electrifying smile — the one that stuns people into a trance — that million-volt smile~
What's the matter? You know Himeko well, right? If you ask her, I'm sure she'll say yes~
I appreciate young, brave, talented people like yourself!
A superbly beautiful, dazzling, electrifying portrait shot of Himeko in exchange for the secret behind Richard_Knowitall.
Send the picture over when you have it. I'm always fair when it comes to haggling.
If I didn't even know that, could I really call myself Gossipmonger?
We researchers have all taken refuge here, but has anyone given any thought to the non-human life on this space station?
They may be part of the rare item collection, but are they not also living things? Don't their rights deserve to be protected!?
Yes. Non. Human. Life. Living creatures that aren't human...
...Some of which have been collected as rare items and housed in the space station. Most of the researchers disregard their basic rights.
Even now, with death staring them in the face, they still refuse to open their minds.
And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must awaken those pretending to sleep!
At the space station, we've always collected rare items — countless articles from across the galaxy. But not everyone knows that among these articles are also living things.
And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, must emphasize in this time of crisis that their lives and rights should also be respected!
Exactly! And I, Lukacs, outstanding researcher of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, shall continue fighting and speaking up for the rights of all non-human life in these terrible times!
If you are interested in joining the cause, please stand by my side and repeat after me!
Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
All together! Protect rare item rights...!
You did well, friend! Follow my rhythm, and say it loud, with conviction!
Protect rare item rights! Save non-human life!
Perfect, my friend. Now let us work together and invite more supporters to join us!
Hmph! Just another egocentric anthropocentrist!
Open your benighted eyes and look at the delicate life around you!
It's been a while, my friend. What have you been doing? Let me know if you need my help! It's my life motto to help my friends the best I can!
Gimme your thoughts about my latest love poem.
You mean "Your Voice is Like an Alarm"?
Uh... Huh...
My brother works at the IPC...
Open auction, targeted sales...
Nothing else beats this feeling...
Do you know the history of Aurum Alley?
Got bought out by the Interastral Peace Corporation.
You say you're a Realm-Keeping Commission officer?
We were close in our previous lifetimes.
Yup.
Why is that suitcase moving?
I feel really high right now!
Please read the instructions on how to use the facilities.
There aren't many tourists here.
Dreams are meant to be chaotic.
Anything is possible within a dream.
The keycard... Where did I put my keycard?
Allow me to introduce myself. I'm the director of SoulGlad™'s factory, Aideen Leeda. My four friends, introduce yourselves to the audience across the cosmos!
So it's a bunch of Nameless guests! This final face-off is bound to be spectacular! Time is precious. My four friends, come with me!
Nameless, your arrival reminds me of the grand occasion when Penacony was first established. I was still a young bright-eyed lad back then, lured here by the Watchmaker's ads, full of zeal and ready to make my first fortune in life.
Once, during a particularly grueling day, I passed out and was resuscitated by a drink from Mr. Sousa. That sweet taste has since been etched in my mind, and that was what drove me to create the SoulGlad™ that we all know and love today!
The Dreamchasing Era was truly a wondrous time. Ah, I miss those days... and the Watchmaker. Scorchsand Hall is my homage to that time of boundless possibilities.
I wholeheartedly hope you make it to the finish and emerge as the next superstars of Penacony! Now then, is there anything you'd like to say before the competition officially begins?
Haha, that's the Trailblazing spirit! How about you, Miss March?
Haha, there's that swift and decisive Trailblazing spirit! How about you, Miss March?
Haha, there's that... uh, the ever-vigilant Trailblazing spirit we all know!
Miss March, how about you?
Trailblazing into the uncharted and challenging the limits! That's Miss March 7th for you! How about Miss Firefly?
A wonderful wish! Miss Himeko, what are you expecting from your team?
Haha, simple words, but full of warmth!
Waiting for you are three stages, each connected to that era. The first two stages offer two distinct paths to choose from, with unique challenges on each route!
And in the last stage... you will face off against a champion who has defended the title to this very day — a beloved contender whose noble virtues are unrivaled!
Those are the rules. Simple. Everyone clear? Now then, I hereby announce that the thirty-third Scorchsand Festival of the twentieth season, sponsored by SoulGlad™ Enterprises... has started!
That's right! This venue is a miniature representation of that time known as the era filled with boundless possibilities.
Nope.
I'm no thief.
Ask away.
Let's not waste time.
Spacing out.
Didn't notice anything.
Good man.
But a bit of a cheapskate.
No.
What detector?
What?
I always talk like this.
Keep it moving.
I didn't steal any detector.
Wrong.
Brains.
Use your brains.
Lulu, didn't we say before that we wouldn't let any grown-ups find us? And never let them take us home? Why... why did you change your mind?
That's right! Remember, if you ever get hungry, I can conjure up anything you like — berrypheasant skewers, startaro bubble tea — you name it. We have it right here!
Not yet — why don't we play a game first? You bad guys over there, okay? You're gonna be in the game too!
Lulu, let's make a run for it — if we escape from them, I'll conjure up all of your favorite snacks and drinks!
We're free from the grown-ups! We can play all day every day!
Grown-ups are so mean! As soon as they see children having fun, they wanna ruin it!
Hmph, I was considering letting you join the club and have fun with us... but since you're so determined to spoil everything... I'm afraid we'll have to settle our differences through violence.
Yes, violence, the only language you grown-ups know how to speak, right? The one you use when you're telling us off!
I'm sorry, Lulu... Th—The grown-ups won, I can't play with you anymore...
There's nothing I can do about it... playtime can't go on forever...
...but we still had lots of fun — let's play again next time!
We both have many years ahead of us, so in that sense it won't be long at all... but for now I have to leave with these grown-ups!
I just wanna play a little longer! What's so bad about that?
Stop chasing us!
Why do grown-ups always say that life is harder for them. So weird...
Weren't grown-ups kids once too?
Would you spoil the fun for younger you just because older you isn't happy?
Uh... There's nothing to worry about — it's just a technical issue.
...Well, we can't say for sure that it was "stolen..." We've contacted the seller and sent some people in search. We should soon be able to...
Are you suggesting that someone altered the registration form? That's simply not possible! We've been keeping a close eye on everything...
I don't have a salary to give! I'm a volunteer... *sigh*
Wait a minute, let me see...
...Hmm, aside from you, there was someone else who registered as a buyer but never put in a bid!
...And I think there was a miner who registered with him. Come on, let's go and interrogate them.
Hi, excuse me... may I ask where the miner who registered with you has gone?
Do you really think he'll turn out to be a thief? I'm not so sure now...
Ahem, anyway. Outsiders, you should go and look for him in Boulder Town. I need to make sure the other buyers haven't left. If you don't find anything, the thief might still be among us...
...You got the probe back? Amazing! Fantastic!
The owner asked me to pass on 150 shield as a reward for retrieving it.
And thanks to you, the auction house has regained its credibility. Please accept an extra 50 shield!
You've earned it. Besides, if you win the bid for the Geomarrow Probe, you'll have paid back the seller anyway, right?
Well, I didn't say that, but you could certainly interpret it that way.
Haha, you should check your reflections. Your eyes light up whenever money's involved.
Ahem, ladies and gentlemen, the technical issue has been resolved. The second half of the auction is about to commence — please gather in an orderly manner!
We don't know what we'd do without your help!
Of course not, Sheriff. The way you talk is no stranger than the cat that climbs the apple tree in my grandma's backyard.
Miss Sparkle is so gracious!
Detective Black Swan, the dossiers are over here. You can learn more about the suspects from me. I trust you will be able to cut through the hogwash and find out who Miss Sparkle's killer is.
Let me introduce the identities of these suspects to you. It's very straightforward —
First of all is the shopkeeper, Wright. He's one of the Pepeshi people and only stands as tall as Sparkle's waist, which is often a source of teasing for him. He can get pretty salty about it.
Next up, you have the merchant Lefton. He wants to join up with the Penacony trading guild, and is in direct competition with Miss Sparkle. That could be a motive for killing her.
Finally there is the gambler, Zhongshan. He lost a bet to Miss Sparkle, and he had to hand over his family heirloom. It's possible he harbored a grudge against her.
That's all the information we have. Do you need me to repeat it?
First of all is the shopkeeper, Wright. He's one of the Pepeshi people and only stands as tall as Sparkle's waist, which is often a source of teasing for him. He can get pretty salty about it.
Next up, you have the merchant Lefton. He wants to join up with the Penacony trading guild, and is in direct competition with Miss Sparkle. That could be a motive for killing her.
Finally there is the gambler, Zhongshan. He lost a bet to Miss Sparkle, and he had to hand over his family heirloom. It's possible he harbored a grudge against her.
Anything else, Detective Black Swan?
First of all is the shopkeeper, Wright. He's one of the Pepeshi people and only stands as tall as Sparkle's waist, which is often a source of teasing for him. He can get pretty salty about it.
Next up, you have the merchant Lefton. He wants to join up with the Penacony trading guild, and is in direct competition with Miss Sparkle. That could be a motive for killing her.
Finally there is the gambler, Zhongshan. He lost a bet to Miss Sparkle, and he had to hand over his family heirloom. It's possible he harbored a grudge against her.
If you really love Miss Sparkle from the bottom of your heart, then behave nicely and let her have a little fun!
Argh... What exactly went wrong?
Is it because I've gone for too long without drinking SoulGlad, or because I've been working overtime for two months? Why don't I have any inspiration today?
...Who's there!?
Why are there guests here... You know what, I don't care how you snuck in, just leave me alone. If you prevent me from finishing my work on time, I'm going to make you pay for it!
Haul yourselves over to somewhere else! I need to be alone!
Alas... Why did I do that?
If I hadn't signed that agreement 20 years ago, I'd have been the top architect in Esclaragon by now...
Was I under some kind of spell 20 years ago when I made that foolish decision to work for The Family on some far-flung planet in the Asdana system?
I was so foolish back then... If I had known better, I wouldn't have ended up in such a miserable position.
I've been working overtime for two months straight, without enjoying a single sip of SoulGlad. I spend every day staring at this godforsaken Dreamscape with anxiety, and I also have to worry about the possibility of being replaced...
Alas... How did I end up like this?
Well... I'm going to leave things as they are. Getting upset about it won't help anything.
Fine, I'm going to stop dwelling on it. I should probably be thinking about something productive, like what to eat after work. At least that will put my lousy Alfalfa coins to some use.
Alfalfa coins, Alfalfa coins... Huh, that Clockie guy is a real piece of work! All he does is put on that goofy smile to crack up those ignorant guests and hoodwink people like me into working like a dog here...
Dog... Are there even dogs in Penacony? I don't think I've ever seen one... Wait a minute... Aren't I a dog myself? Case solved!
Ah-ha, I've got it! What a brilliant idea it is! I must write it down on paper while it's fresh in my mind...
...No, no, no. I'm sure I'll forget all the details when I wake up from sleep. There's no better time than now to put it into action!
Protocol... initiating. Scanning... Ugh. I'm so sick of repeating this.
Ugh, let's get this over with. Did you get your first certification? If not then you're wasting your time.
Yeah, yeah, whatever... Here comes your question, listen up.
Riddle me this: A microcrystalline unit should be connected to which component?
Wrong! Congratulations.
Simple question, terrible answer. It's back to school for you!
Huh!? You wanna go? You caught me in a bad mood, let's do this!
Huh? Lucky guess.
Ugh! Now I have to do this again. Put your hand out.
What are you doing? I meant her, give me your hand!
There, one step left. Now get outta here and leave me in peace...
You don't know the answer? That's lame. It's back to school for you!
...Wait, have mercy! I'm sorry! One certification, coming right up!
Okay, please extend your right hand...
Not you, the girl over there!
There you are, only one more to go. Now, please leave me in peace...
I can't say you sound suspicious, but... I can't just take your word for it either...
...!
It's... the same as Dr. Vache's.
Are you really his sister? Dr. Vache saved a lot of my soldiers!
Yes. Take a look at the guards patrolling outside the city. All of them are risking their lives.
Aside from the monster-related casualties, we lose men to frostbite every year.
But thanks to the medicine the doctor leaves us, my soldiers are able to withstand the cold. They can make camps in the Snow Plains as footholds for our patrols... If it weren't for the doctor, we would have long since frozen to death.
...We don't know.
Doctor Vache is... elusive. My squad only met him once, and he didn't seem like the talkative type. He leaves the medicine at specific locations and our patrols go there to collect it.
The medicine is extremely potent — a small vial can keep someone warm for a week.
The medicine is extremely potent — a small vial can keep someone warm for a week. We have over half our stock left.
Speaking of the doctor, it's been a long time since we last saw him... at least two or three years. I hope he's alive and well...
...Side effects? Not that I know of. If there were a problem, it'd be that we couldn't go back to the city until the effect had worn off...
...because the city would be too hot for us. We'd break a sweat just sitting idle, haha.
...Seems like you've made up your mind. I'd really like to send some of my men with you, but we can't leave our posts.
Here, take this medicine. If what you two told me is true, I'm sure you're more than capable of handling yourselves out there.
Young one, with me, everything will be different.
Whether it be Imbibitor Lunae, the Stellaron Hunters, or that woman, your accomplishments will exceed them. You will be matchless, without limits.
Then why not hack them down right here?
The laws of the battlefield are no different from the laws of the universe — life for victory and death for defeat. Swordsmanship is the art of victory, and only the victorious swords can be passed on — swords defeated are buried among the barren wastelands.
You're resisting me? Tsk, rid yourself of these needless notions of clemency. How can you move forward without casting these distractions aside! Raise your sword!
Hahaha, this little wench's fighting spirit is on fire! Young one, since she insists on fighting, will you give her our answer?
Young one, you're hesitating again. You're always hesitating...
Your opponent is no match for you, yet they have managed to fend you off for this long. As a swordsman, have you not any pride? Do you want to repeat the disaster you suffered at Dragonprayer Terrace?
It's time to finish it. Only blood can cleanse the shame of the sword.
Young one, your old teacher has arrived.
Under his tutelage, you never experienced true failure. But after suffering your first major setback, your confidence in your swordsmanship has been faltering.
You worry that the General is disappointed in you. You worry that you don't have what it takes to be the person the General wants you to be.
Now... show him what I have taught you. He'll be very proud of your progress. Tell him that with your sword, you will bring victory to the Xianzhou!
Break free from victory and defeat? Those are just empty words to comfort the dead and the defeated! Think of your crushing defeat at Dragonprayer Terrace! Think of how you felt then — teetering on the brink of death.
If the sword of that Stellaron Hunter had pierced your flesh, you wouldn't be standing here pondering the meaning of victory and defeat.
Now is the time to break all your chains. Draw your sword on your master — to the general who is trying to imprison you... draw your sword!
He's not lying. Still, if you describe her a little, maybe it'll jog our memory.
As tedious as it is, I'm afraid you'll have to describe her in more detail. Please don't say "two ears, one tail."
Nonsense. I've been stood next to you this whole time and I don't remember anyone like her.
Then you guys swung by asking for this foxian lady, so we thought we'd give you a bit of improv — free of charge I might add.
I lost my footing and slipped right in. My associate here, Forth, yelled after me: "Don't panic! Forth's got your back!" Two seconds later, he landed on my back.
Know, sir, that if you ever need anything and it's within our power to help, you can count on us.
Nonsense! You went out of your way to—
I don't know what to say! Sorry to trouble you — we'll take our leave now.
Mr. Luocha! He rescued both of us.
We were planning to thank him properly, but in the aftermath of the Arbor incident, we never had the time.
We... fell into a ditch.
A man of romantic sensibilities, one might say.
We were planning on handing it over to the Realm-Keeping Commission — we suspect it's probably our best chance of tracing him.
He's got blonde hair, and judging by the way he's dressed, I'd say he was an outworlder.
Since when did we start sharing a life?
Sorry, old habits.
"...Gradation twelve ██ Dreamscape twelve ██ Father ██ I dedicate this to you..."
"...Well done ██ Dubra ██ wherever they go, ██ shall be met by annihilation..."
"...They sought refuge in the land of sleep ██, merely wishing for undisturbed rest, away from the storms..."
"Children of the flame ██ this marks your rite of passage."
"She won't be necessary ████ I alone am enough."
Shh—████ when have those ██ on the Path of Destruction ██ feared death?
"██████████ ██████ ████████████████ ████████"
"█████ █████████ █ ███ █████ ████ █ █████ ███ ██ ██████████ █████ ██ ██ ███ █████ █████ "
"██████████████████████████ ██████ "
"████ Who █ ██ are ███ you █ █"
"...Who are you?"
"Oh... a Memokeeper. Do you serve the Garden of Recollection... or The Cremators?"
"My name is Constance... A pleasure to meet you. We were supposed to meet in Penacony and spend an... unforgettable time together."
"But that seems unrealistic. Dahlia's not welcome on the Banquet Star, and I don't need a coming-of-age ceremony... And you, I know what you're looking for..."
"Want 'her' secret? I can give it to you, and then... you can enjoy the banquet for me."
"I wish you 'unforgettable' memories."
Welcome to the Sleepless Earl! I'm the owner here — the name's Mengming. How many of you are there? Which tea would you like today?
Oh! This is... This is the tea Miss Tingyun promised to get for me! She really went to another world for this? She's incredible.
When I took over this teahouse from my parents, I thought I'd shake things up by creating a new tea product.
Famous brews like Whale-Tide Spring or Vegetations in the Alchemy Cauldron have been around for millennia, and imported mixed teas have also found a niche. Introducing a new product into the industry is really hard.
Miss Tingyun came to the teahouse one day and heard about my troubles — she said she could find me a brand-new strain during her travels — one that nobody on the Xianzhou had ever tasted.
I just thought she was trying to cheer me up — I never thought she'd actually do it... Where is Miss Tingyun today?
Oh, really? That's a shame. Well... hold on a sec.
Based on her suggestion, I improved the Whale-Tide Spring, Emerald Hills, and Dawndew strains to make a new variety with a sweet, long-lasting taste. I called it "Tingyun's Blend."
Seeing as she can't enjoy it right now, I'll have to invite all of you to try a cup.
Miss Tingyun...
...Thank you, all of you. I think... I should gift something to Tingyun in return.
Based on her suggestion, I improved the Whale-Tide Spring, Emerald Hills, and Dawndew strains to make a new variety with a sweet, long-lasting taste. I called it "Tingyun's Blend."
Seeing as Tingyun won't be able to try it... we should drink a cup to her memory.
I can't wait for Miss Tingyun to try this tea!
I'm sorry you won't be able to try this tea, Miss Tingyun...
So, No. 35, you're back. Like your new lucky charm?
Silence. I didn't give you permission to speak, you Sigonian hound.
The guys in black didn't say much, so I've no idea what you did to save your skin in that massacre back in the day.
But I figured you must have had good luck, so I bought you. From now on, you and your good luck are MY assets. Are we clear?
Your first task is simple. In addition to you, I've purchased thirty... well, thirty-four other slaves.
Go and play a "game" with them. You came out alive after two days. It proves that you are the real deal.
Heh, testing out if you're a good product.
I've got stacks on stacks, blondie. The slave market is never short of self-righteous brats like you.
But you look good, and that's why many customers are betting their fortunes on a scrawny brat like you. So, go along now, and don't let your master down.
What?
Huh, you really want to know? Well, it was sixty {RUBY_B#Red Copper Coins}Tanba{RUBY_E#}. No more, no less.
Hahaha, are you trying to strike a bet with me? Well, you've got some guts!
Sorry, but that won't do. Don't forget your place, slave. You're not qualified to be at the table.
You're just a chip, a life thrown away in someone else's hands. Either you come back with more chips for your master, or... you never come back.
It's all or nothing. Don't embarrass me, my lucky hound.
...Sigonia, Sigonia. Ravenous eye of the storm, spurned by all the gods...
Land of rock, but not water, lightning, but not rain, blood, but not tears. You beat us with your falling stars, you lash us with wind and storm, you chew us up with the cracked earth...
You promised us a land of {RUBY_B#Avgin}honey{RUBY_E#}, yet yoked us beneath a {RUBY_B#Katica}sword{RUBY_E#} of bitterness. O, {RUBY_B#Fenge Biyos}Gaiathra Triclops{RUBY_E#}, if Thou can hear me, please open up thy three eyes and gaze upon this child...
When you took his father, my child was still sleeping in my belly. And where my husband went, I too soon must go...
I don't ask for a peaceful death, just for you to tell me — does the baby swaddled sweetly asleep... does he dream of his mother's heartbeat and the sound of falling rain? Please tell me whether this life is all just a fleeting dream...
...Otherwise, why would this child be born to face impending death...?
Raining...? Raining...
Back home... Ahh... Gaiathra Triclops, you came. Do you hear that? Thank you... Thank you...
Darling, listen... this is the sound of rain. On the day you were born, the sky also sent down {RUBY_B#Raindrops}a gift{RUBY_E#} like this from Gaiathra.
Such a lucky child, such a blessed child... Just like your name. A gift from THEM to Avgin... my boy...
"May the goddess Gaiathra close HER eyes three times..."
"Keep your blood eternally pulsing..."
"Let your journey be forever peaceful... "
"...and your schemes forever concealed."
...Welcome to this sad world, {RUBY_B#Child Blessed by Gaiathra}Kakavasha{RUBY_E#}.
...Finally someone to talk to. These Cloud Knights are so serious, so boring, hehe...
That shining seed? Haha, I've seen it, so beautiful. If you gaze into it, there's a voice inside that speaks to you...
The master said we could inject new life into the Ambrosial Arbor with it. Hehe, I didn't believe it at first.
We tried many methods, spending multiple lifetimes of short-life species, yet the Arbor showed no signs of resurrection.
But look upon it now, hehe — "only the power of an Aeon can recreate the miracle." Yes, yes, the mighty Sanctus Medicus! The Abundance!
So you witnessed it too? The Ambrosial Arbor's resurrection, hehe... Magnificent!
In the Befall Era, so far in the past that even long-life species cannot recall, Sanctus Medicus the Abundance gifted the Ambrosial Arbor to the Xianzhou Luofu. With that sacred tree, humanity realized many miracles: the fallow earth, the western soapberry, the altered flesh...
But that Devilish Archer ruined everything! They twisted right and wrong and erased Sanctus Medicus's achievements... But soon... soon we will return to the glory of the Befall Era!
You've seen the fantastic creatures that fought with us? They are only minor gifts of the Ambrosial Arbor...
What did we do? We cured our kin! Hehe, it must hurt to be trapped in such weak flesh and blood...
Oh, you don't understand... a short-life species couldn't understand. Mara-struck? Bah! It's a second life gifted by Sanctus Medicus! To eliminate the self! To achieve transcendence! A life of true freedom!
I see a desire for power in your eyes. This life is too short for you, isn't it? Hehe, I can... I can help you...
We're just having fun, sir, hehe... Without the blessing of the Abundance, you short-life species would never be able to endure the transformation.
The master must have failed to summon the protection of Sanctus Medicus — her will must have wavered.
Just you wait — I'll show you the blessing of Sanctus Medicus.
...
...It appears the outcome has already been determined.
Choice? The bloody trail of the Destruction leaves no room for hesitation.
Ranger, you tread the narrow path of The Hunt. You could never understand.
We come from the fire, and are born bathed in fire. We spread, burn, and destroy until all the kindling has burned out, and we leave only ashes on the ground.
Burning forms the entire life of a fire demon, from the beginning to the end. We are born to die, just to put into practice a profile of another universal truth: All things are created for the Destruction.
They are my children and, just as I was, they are flames that have yet to burn white-hot. They're still young and I don't blame them.
But my flames are faint and time is running out. Can you see the Planet of Festivities in the distance? I plan to bring purgatory with me there — and before that, I must surpass you.
Because on the path THEY have forged, you have traveled farther than I have...
..."Emanator."
You cannot hide your true identity. Draw that sword, for we shall indeed remain here, bound to fight a decisive battle to the death, for I choose this.
Destruction is intense but brief. To cravenly cling to life is to endure an endlessly prolonged existence.
What's important is not the answer, but that it exists — just as you exist. Everything exists to be destroyed — Emanators are no different.
Just as even {RUBY_B#Penacony}sweet dreams{RUBY_E#} may be born of the void, the so-called impossible is merely something that has yet to happen.
You shall witness the most brilliant and intense fire in existence. May this flame illuminate the farthest reaches of your bottomless dream.
Everyone, please remain calm. This is an announcement from the Realm-Keeping Commission General Bureau. Exalting Sanctum is temporarily closing its borders and navigation routes. The details will be outlined in the official bulletin sent to your jade abacus soon.
If you feel unwell, please report to the Realm-Keeping Commission as soon as possible. We have doctors from the Alchemy Commission here who will see you free of charge.
Oh, we will also be distributing a bag of protein rice and emergency medicine to each of you. You can collect the supplies from me in person, or the commission can deliver them to your door.
Please register with your jade abacus bracelet... Oh, you must be an outsider.
I see. Please, sign here.
I heard there's a problem with the meridian pin.
Some diviners and stargazers managed to escape the delve. Many of them were terrified — they were muttering about "plants" and "roots..." Something terrible must have happened there.
Do you have friends trapped in the delve? If you're worried about them, find a diviner and see if they can tell you what happened.
I want to say it's all in a day's work, but I've been here for twelve hours already... When will this end?
This is an announcement from the Realm-Keeping Commission General Bureau. Exalting Sanctum is temporarily closing its borders...
Please register with your...
Wait a minute, I already issued you with supplies... You won't fool the Realm-Keeping Commission that easily.
All in a day's work, although I've been standing here for twelve hours now... I just want this to be over.
Huh, now I'm getting déjà vu...
...I think I need to take a break.
Oh, a visitor from afar? May I ask you a question — do you like Aurum Alley?
Then I'll have to make sure your first visit here is a good one.
Glad to hear. We always try to treat visitors from outside well.
Oh, well, that's regrettable.
...I hope you don't mind me prattling on, but since you're an Outworlder, are you familiar with the IPC? Do you know if it has a good reputation?
That's true, and they made it much more convenient to exchange strale and credits.
I was a little worried when I heard the president say that the IPC is going to destroy Aurum Alley.
Findie? I've never heard of that before.
Anyway, sounds like you know as much about them as I do...
Well, I can't just leave you here empty handed — take a look at the menu. Order whatever you want — it's on the house.
Alrighty.
Ah! It's the Dragon Lady... Here, I'll get you another serving — no need to be shy.
Ah! It's the Dragon Lady... Here, I'll get you another serving — no need to be shy.
Miss Secretary asked me to prepare some refreshments for you earlier. Make yourselves comfortable — I'll bring them out shortly.
I've heard about all the great things you've done for Aurum Alley. Please, take your time! I've packed some for you to take home, too.
This is where we go our own way, Kakavasha. The Katicans are coming.
Katicans are bloodthirsty, cruel, and insatiably greedy. They want everything, only to end up with nothing.
This is a trick, an act of revenge. Remember? Today is the day of the Kakava, and also your birthday.
They know the Avgin will surely hold a festival today. With the aid of this rain, they will come to destroy our wagons and take everything they want.
Little do the Katicans know, this time we will fight back! The men in black that descend from the skies are on our side. The Katicans stand no chance against them and will surely pay for their arrogance.
Without this rain, the Katicans would never take action, and we would not have the chance to turn the tide. This is a gift from Gaiathra, and you are {RUBY_B#Child Blessed by Gaiathra}Kakavasha{RUBY_E#}, whose good fortune will bless your sister with success.
The Avgin always return their blood debts. Gaiathra calls for me, while Papa and Mama are waiting for me. I must answer the call. But SHE will bless you with good fortune and help you survive.
As long as you are alive, the blood of the Avgin will never run dry. So run, Kakavasha, do not be afraid, and do not look back. Go to the other side of the mountain. The rain will accompany you, and the rain will bless you.
As for us, we will reunite in {RUBY_B#Start of Gaiathra Reincarnation}Kakava{RUBY_E#}'s next aurora.
"May the goddess Gaiathra close HER eyes three times..."
"Keep your blood eternally pulsing..."
"Let your journey be forever peaceful... "
"...and your schemes forever concealed."
Farewell, Kakavasha.
Hello, my name is Toby. It is my honor to serve you.
Hello, guest of Miss Clara. Please do as you wish! It's my honor to serve you.
Allow me to share a fun fact: Toby is not a primitive robot.
Miss Clara has assigned me the task of planning your sightseeing route in the machine graveyard. I will guide you down the path.
Would you like to engage in Super Speed mode? If so, please confirm by spinning counterclockwise 10 times, then clockwise by 270 degrees.
We have arrived at our second destination. This module is called the Beetle, which is the same as mine.
This machine was scrapped because it accelerated erratically for 7.1 kilometers after it incorrectly interpreted a command, causing the engine to catch fire and the core module to melt down.
We are on our way to the second destination. Please take a seat, buckle up, and hold tight.
CAUTION: You have exceeded the speed limit. Please obey Belobog traffic laws. On the road, safety is the top priority.
We have arrived at our first destination. This model is known as the Direwolf, and was scrapped after it sustained piercing damage during a battle with another robot pet, which caused the chainsaw's fuel tank to burst.
Your trip has concluded. Please keep an eye out for vehicles approaching from the back or sides, as well as enemies and automatons.
Your trip has concluded. I appreciate you putting your trust in Toby.
A five-star review for this trip has been automatically generated for you. You're welcome!
It was Toby's honor!
All the elixir crucibles that the Vidyadhara helped to construct contain cloudhymn magic. You should take this chance to learn more, young master...
Huh? But I don't need any sort of device to help me command water, what more is there to learn?
You are indeed the chosen one, with endless potential... yet cloudhymn magic is just the beginning.
They say that you are Long's power incarnate. Is that true?
Hmph...
I doubt I will be here to see you take charge...
No need to feel aggrieved. Vidyadhara go through cycles of life and death, existing forever in this world.
By the time you are the high elder, my hatching rebirth will be complete and I will be a child once again. Please take care of me.
This surging power... It's you... You've returned, High Elder.
Something terrible is happening in Scalegorge Waterscape. Please don't go any further... Your enemies... Your enemies are waiting for you.
You didn't heed us then, and won't heed us now... as headstrong as you always were.
It seems you already made your decision. There is a vessel bound for Scalegorge Waterscape located ahead.
What a huge cauldron.
This aureate cauldron is driven by the cloudhymn magic of our people — the Vidyadhara. It drinks the water of the ancient sea like a whale swallows the tide, and refines it into medicinal pellets...
*crying* What should we do!? They said there are monsters in the storage zone. And the gift I prepared for Master Capote is still in the analysis room of the Department of Implement Arts...
*crying* You're so annoying, stop saying that! *crying*
Waaaah!
That jerk! Jerk, jerk, jerk!
Fine — disappear! I don't ever wanna see your face again!
Oh, it's you! It's Adler... Adler disappeared! *sob*
Adler, he... he disappeared... *sob*
H—He's been acting really weird recently — always researching stuff like spontaneous combustion, supernatural activities...
He doesn't even answer me when I speak to him. H—He was talking to himself...
He kept saying the word "phrase."
Who said I want him back!?
But if you want to find him... he was reading this booklet the last time I saw him.
I don't know exactly what he's searching for, but I hope it can help you...
What a headache. Which one should I give to Master Capote...
I just learned a new technique — I'll use it to end your life!
See how you like this!
I feel... like I've been drained of my strength...
I... I think so... Let me think for a moment...
I received a report today about an infestation of abominations here at the Alchemy Commission — the captain sent me to clear it out. What happened after that was like a dream... I can't explain it.
My weapon suddenly started talking to me... it taught me fighting techniques — which moves to avoid, which moves to use, which stances to adopt to retain balance... then it told me to relax and let it take control against the enemy.
I followed its instructions... To my surprise, it felt like my combat skills had greatly improved. Still, it told me I was incompetent, like a piece of rotten wood. It wanted to find a new apprentice to carry forward the art.
It was only then that I realized — there was a sword-wielding child beside me, staring right at me.
I realized the boy was the General's retainer, Yanqing.
When I heard my sword say the name, I was in disbelief... and then, for some reason, I just... attacked Yanqing.
Yes, I'm fine. The funny thing is that I didn't even see him move — I just fell straight to the ground.
He must have spared me. The funny thing is that I didn't even see him move — I just fell straight to the ground.
What happened next was even more outlandish — Yanqing looked like he was talking to the sword in his hand. He turned around and left without looking back. And my weapon... my weapon never spoke again.
Duel me!
What a joke! You people can't "take care" of anything!
Everyone here knows that the Aurum Alley Merchant Guild is as incompetent as it is dysfunctional. The lease for the docks isn't even paid yet — anyone care to guess whose fault that is...?
I'll tell you —the Merchant Guild's!
Then say it out loud so everyone can hear: Aurum Alley Merchant Guild apologizes to every vendor here for defaulting on the lease and leaving us to pick up the mess!
Better yet — get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness!
I'm not being unreasonable, I'm making a friendly inquiry — when will the IPC receive its lease payments?
We leased this whole dock to your Merchant Guild hoping that it would rejuvenate Aurum Alley, and look at it now — a perfectly good freight dock has gone to waste!
Haha, don't be so gullible.
How about we make a little bet — if the Merchant Guild can pay back the money it owes, I'll get down on my knees and apologize to all the people of Aurum Alley...
I'll shout it loud and clear — "I'm a raving idiot howling into the wind!" And then I'll bark like a dog. How does that sound?
Oh, that's simple. You apologize to me in front of all the people of Aurum Alley, and you bark like a dog.
You all heard that, right? I'll be waiting for you, hahaha. Come on, let's get out of here!
Calling someone an "IPC goon" isn't very becoming of a Cloud Knight now, is it?
I'm not here today as a representative of the IPC, I'm just a tourist. You can just call me Skott.
Did Arlan ask you to investigate? Great! I've made some new discoveries.
The walkways around the Special Purpose Lab have been temporarily closed off. Please keep your distance.
I'm afraid this is a live situation. It's too dangerous.
Wait... Brother Arlan told me about you. If you insist on going... then I wish you the best of luck. Be safe.
You're... Brother Arlan's friend!
The Security Department received information about sightings of Legion remnants in the vicinity.
However, we just confirmed that there are monsters here that have never been seen before.
The Security Department sectioned off the area immediately, but we lost contact with some people.
Pamela...? Let me check, I remember her name was on the rescuer list.
Did you see it? Look... It seems like the rumors about the station are true — there are Stellaron traces here.
It happened so suddenly. The support from the Security Department is still on the way.
We're low on staff right now — all we can do is make sure the monsters don't make it up here.
Maybe you can help us restart the central elevator?
As soon as we can restart the power supply, we can get this elevator working and rescue everyone.
To all guests: the IPC will be conducting special operations within the hotel. Please follow the staff in charge of evacuation to the designated safe zones, or compulsory measures will be enforced!
A local? The IPC is currently conducting asset evaluation work here. Local residents are advised to follow those responsible for evacuation to the—
And who might you be? You have quite the attitude... This is our jurisdiction now — we are all-powerful here.
You know Topaz? Interesting...
It doesn't matter. The Strategic Investment Department has no obligation to talk to anyone not related to this project!
In cases where debtors fail to repay within the set time frame, the IPC reserves the right to skip negotiations and take over all assets. We're simply following the rules — what exactly is your problem?
Hmph, don't blame me, I'm simply following orders. Do you think I get to make those kinds of decisions?
Ugh, if I knew things were going to get this heated, I'd have applied for overtime...
Ahem... Anyway! Since you seem intent on settling this matter with violence, prepare yourselves for my heavy laser cannon!
Ugh... Wh—Who are you people? Not even our tech could take you down...
Darn it! I'm all out of ammo...
Director Topaz? What did she say?
60%!? We're done for!
Attention all personnel. Evacuate the mine immediately! Erase all traces of your presence!
...Well, look who we have here. Your reputation precedes you, outsider... I didn't take you for a bandit and a thief!
Oh, just passing through... And our guards decided to just beat themselves into submission, I suppose?
You listen here — I'm the president of the Complex Illness Mutual Aid Society. The medicine we hold here is lifeblood for many of our members. Are you sure you want to deprive them of that?
Those poor patients... Along comes a life-saving wonder medicine, only to be snatched away by a shameless bandit like you...
The Underworld is full of sickness... What would happen if we left it all to that clinic to treat?
My mutual aid society has relieved that doctor of patients at the end of the road. Shouldn't she be thanking me?
Hmm. Seems like you are quite bent on dismantling our operations, aren't you?
Fine, seeing as you came all this way, it'd be rude not to give you the opportunity!
Men, seize the medicine thief!
Blast it... What did we ever do to you? Why are you taking away our money-maker!?
Wh—What are you doing here? Ugh, as if we didn't have enough trouble already...
You... You can't save everyone! The Underworld is teeming with sickness... how could you possibly pull it off!
...
Ugh... So stubborn... In that sense, you're no different from your crazy brother.
Has anyone seen my grandson?
Oh! Finally. Don't run off again! You're such a disobedient... How many times have I told you to stay close to me? You'll get lost!
This is my flesh and blood! How could I possibly... Come on, let grandma see that cute little face...
Oh for the love of... You're not my grandson after all!
Nonsense, how could I mistake my own flesh and blood? Come on, let grandma see that cute little face...
...My eyes might not be up to much, but I can assure you my brain's working just fine...
My grandson is right here. Come on, let grandma me see that cute little face...
Oh for the love of... You're not my grandson after all!
...Then where has my darling grandson gotten to? Oh, dear me, this is dreadful... dreadful!
Oh my goodness! I can't even begin to express my gratitude!
Thank you both so much. He's my only grandson — and I don't know what I would've done.
Oh! I'm sure that teddy bear must've belonged to a nice person... Let's go and take a look.
I'll add another 50!
Let's see... what is it that has captured the attention of the two best interpreters of the Great One, to the point that they've forgotten how to enjoy their dessert?
Oh... poor little thing. Doesn't look like it's doing well. Do you want to rescue it?
Why?
That's quite the romantic idea. And what about you, our young scholar? Do you agree with your sister?
Ah, I see. It seems our little scholar is still a bit unsure. Well, let me tell you youngsters a story.
As you probably know, Charmony Doves can fly through the air. When they fly really high, the friction caused by the flapping of their feathers against the atmosphere creates amazing lights, so that they look like shooting stars.
We've seen this spectacle so many times that we think it's just something they can naturally do... but that's not the truth. Their radiant display is the result of countless struggles against nature over generations.
Their ancestors were too weak to survive on the ground. So, to escape predators, they started seeking new opportunities in the air...
After countless attempts by many generations, one of them finally figured out how to fly. It soared into the sky and never looked back at the ground again.
Well, that's an idealistic way of putting it. So, what are your thoughts, Sunday?
That's an interesting perspective. So, have you decided what to do with the bird now?
Well said, kids. It seems each of you has found your own answer. Your insights are truly remarkable, and I hope they come true in their own way.
And what might that be, my son?
O, lost souls! Come and meet your master!
Wise and perceptive as you are... Answer me this — Why could the Harmony and the Order merge into one?
Because neither side could tolerate... discord.
...Have you broken free from the dream of Order?
Without Order, how can the weak be righteous?
If you have any objection, feel free to make your case...
With 107,336 notes, I solemnly invite you to join the glorious chorus — and ascend to the heavens!
If the Dreamscape is indistinguishable from reality, can it still be called an illusion?
With this perfect melody I command — recreate paradise anew!
Robin, is that you singing...?
Even so, they don't know where they should be heading. That's why... I had to become the lone star in the sky to guide them.
If we had never experienced solitude, how could we have embarked on different paths?
Now, our final talk has concluded.
I need to leave, I need to run from this forsaken...
No, it's impossible. I can run from yesterday, I can run from today, but tomorrow will always be one step ahead of me...
Look, the obstacle detection terminal has recorded 142,856 attacks... the next count will be 142,857!
I know in my heart that when I see that hopelessly beautiful cyclic number... it will mean the poetic end of my life's cycle.
Everyone keeps saying that. "Things will get better, things won't always be this bad."
Negative... positive... A negative of a negative is a positive.
Why not do the right thing and let me hear the truth!?
Life is but a path to death, but not today... How insightful. Yes, of course! The closer you approach death, the more you appreciate life.
I will pull myself together. Thank you, that was kind of you.
How insightful, yes of course. The closer you approach death, the more you appreciate life.
I will pull myself together. Thank you, that was kind of you.
Life is but a path to death, but not today... Thank you, kind stranger.
We meet again. You are still alive and I am still breathing. How rare is that!
Uh, hi, how can I help you?
Oh, you mean the guy from the group chat — the one with the scoop?
I found out about the whole thing recently — drama for drama's sake, y'know? Don't take it too seriously...
Started it? What do you mean? I think you have the wrong person.
I've been on overtime for the past two days — I haven't left my office...
*sigh* Sounds like a lot's happened since I last poked my head out the door...
Not sure. I heard there's an important guest coming.
Ruan Mei likes to listen to the space station radio during her research.
Some of us younger researchers are her superfans — we're always scanning different frequencies to find out what her tastes are! Do you know her favorite tunes, by any chance?
As expected. You look like you belong in a comedy skit yourself.
As expected. You look like you belong in a comedy skit yourself.
Did I ask about your favorites? Also, that's disgusting — what's wrong with you?
Fine. Ugh, what a headache...
Well, look at that. That's no ordinary teddy bear...
Oh! Uh... sorry, I was in a bit of a trance. I didn't know someone was about to strike up a conversation.
Huh, you don't look like you'll be bidding on much, so I'll tell you... That teddy bear's eyes are genuine erebus!
...Wait, how did you know that!? Unless you're... a fellow gemologist?
Ahem, yes... I didn't think anyone else had noticed. *sigh* I guess getting my hands on those gems won't be so simple after all...
But it's so absurd... I don't understand why precious gems would be sewn onto a teddy bear. Is this some new kind of scam?
Hehe, Junjun? Who's that?
It's okay, I didn't take it to heart.
Oh, haha, wh—why didn't you bring that up earlier? Your item has piqued my curiosity.
In any case, erebus of that purity is hard to come by in the Underworld. I have to get my hands on that bear, even if it means breaking the bank! Ha...
350!
I'm putting my reputation as a gemologist on the line — I have to get my hands on that erebus... Add another 100 shield!
Phew! The gems belong to me.
Hahaha, I've finally caught you, you little Hanu!
Look how small you've become! You won't be able to escape this time!
Oh, rats! Hands off my treasures! You've no idea how hard I worked to swindle those off other people!
Hahaha! Your way is blocked! How pitiful!
There's a huge secret that I would never tell you — if you swap bodies again through the TV, you'll be able to destroy the obstacle and break through! Hahaha!
Argh! I hate my mouth for revealing my secret!
Oh, drat! All my traps are worthless against the likes of you!
I hate your furry head! It has such a clever brain!
Hahaha, it doesn't matter! I've turned the whole of Dreamville into a maze! Just don't try to get to the other side through the pipes!
Oh, just peel your eyes away from my treasures already. Also, don't look at the pipes on the left, alright?
Oh, rats! You've foiled my plan again and taken the treasure I worked so hard to snatch away from other people!
Fine, I'll admit it — you've rescued Dreamville once again. But you just wait... I'll be back!
There's only one place he can be going, whether it's in the past, present or future!
Hey, what are you whispering? Let's get going!
*sigh*
This is a military base. Trespassers aren't allowed in.
Wait, isn't that... Ah! Serval! Long time no see!
Are you the emergency engineers? I saw you guys hanging around. Did you find the problem?
Haha, no, no, no, no... No can do! No one gets near the energy hub without the security captain's encryption key.
The supreme guardian...? Hey, no games, y'hear? No dice without the encryption key!
...Captain Dunn's resting up ahead. Go and find him. If he grants you permission, I won't stand in your way.
Yes, I confirmed it with Franz.
I heard from Franz that it's Captain Gepard's sister...
...N—No, sir!
Uh... I showered right before my shift—
...I—I haven't showered in two days, sir!
Finally — I am free! I am "Garboski," a can of unmatched evil. Tatalov used despicable means to defeat me and sealed me in this deep and cramped trash bag.
For the first five hundred years of my imprisonment, I swore an oath that if a can came to save me, I would reward them with endless wealth. Then, for the next five hundred years, I swore that if a can saved me, I would reward them with endless trash.
However, ten thousand years have passed. That's 20 five-hundred-year periods, but no cans came! Therefore, I swore that if a can came to save me, I would reward them with a painless death.
— You've come, and so you now must die.
Correct. I will now offer you a final mercy. You get to choose how you wish to die.
Oh? No trashcan has ever dared to challenge me to a duel. I acknowledge your bravery... Perhaps there's no need to conduct a pointless battle.
Countless years of captivity have whittled flat my edges. My prime is long past, never to return. I only wish to past the rest of my life as a normal trashcan. Farewell, stranger.
Ah, yes, Tatalov used the same trick against me. "With such a massive body like yours, how can a bag fit you?" And so I slipped into a trash bag before him and found myself sealed.
Even the vilest trashcan is capable of learning to heed a lesson. Your tactics are ineffective against me now! Now, feel my ten thousand years — five hundred years times twenty — of fury!
You're right. You are not the savior that I expected. And because you haven't betrayed my expectations... I should thank you instead. Go. I won't take your life, but that's the limit of my mercy.
Countless years of captivity have whittled flat my edges. My prime is long past, never to return. I only wish to past the rest of my life as a normal trashcan. Farewell, stranger.
I didn't expect you to be so strong. I acknowledge your bravery... Perhaps there's no need to conduct a pointless battle.
Countless years of captivity have whittled flat my edges. My prime is long past, never to return. I only wish to past the rest of my life as a normal trashcan. Farewell, stranger.
My calculations are finally done. In another ten system hours, the above dream will swallow the dream below! My hypothesis was correct — this place will cease to exist, as the dream devours everything...
Hmm? Who are you all, and why haven't you left yet? This place is about to disappear!
I'm Kaimee, a dreamscape surveyor specializing in memoria dynamics, and this is my life's work that I'm researching.
See that huge gaping hole? It was just a narrow rift many years ago, but now it's grown into a giant hole. The surrounding memoria has been flowing towards the other end of the hole at a constant velocity, slowly but surely.
But the scary part is... according to my calculations, the flow rate of memoria has recently changed, and it's faster than ever before — it's almost... almost as if something is sucking it in from the other side!
By constantly improving upon Madam Razalina's memoria measurement method, I've finally obtained accurate results—
After ten system hours, the Dreamflux Reef will cease to exist! Just like the melting of glaciers, everything will crumble and disintegrate. The dreams on that side of the void will fuse into one!
Oh, do you know her, too? Or are you also a fan of memoria dynamics?
Why, Of course! She's an excellent scholar of memoria dynamics, and the first person to apply memoria rate measurement methodology on interstellar travelers.
Regrettably, due to the presence of the Garden of Recollection, ordinary people don't pay much attention to the nature of memoria. She departed this world without much fame, leaving only a few thin journals behind...
I came to Penacony to learn more about my idol, and went to great lengths to seek out Dreamflux Reef, all because this is her final resting place. Prodigies always meet their demise prematurely... If only Madam Razalina had more time, she would've discovered a way to reverse the flow of memoria!
I felt it, the source is in... the Golden Hour! There is a certain anomalous presence stirring the currents of the Memory Zone. I must uncover more concrete proof... I must convince everyone...
I felt it, the source is in... the Golden Hour! There is a certain anomalous presence stirring the currents of the Memory Zone. I must uncover more concrete proof... I must convince everyone...
Cocolia... Cocolia...
We are allies... allies of the guardians through generations.
To rebuild... this dying world...
To help you... achieve your wish.
It is not death which greets them... They will be swept into the infancy of a new world.
You have witnessed... the world we have promised.
A temporary misunderstanding... for an eternity of prosperity.
We will honor... your decision.
Danger... approaches...
You must...eradicate... Once... and for all...
...We know well the consequences.
...But there is no place for her in the promised new world.
...
Are you reading, sister? What are you reading?
I see. Then... I would summon the Harmonious Choir, too.
Of course, I do. It's just that... it includes your wish and everyone else's. I long for a true paradise where everyone can find peace.
It's a deal then.
...
Where did that come all of a sudden?
It's the Torment Eagles. Don't worry, it's still there. It's just it's located in the inner ring of Penacony and can only be seen when spring and summer overlap.
As for the question you asked... I think stars do die, just like people.
But do you know, sister? No star actually belongs to the present. The light we see from them is from a long time ago.
Even after the stars perish, their light will travel millions of light-years, spanning countless years, to illuminate the night sky of another world.
In our paradise, I believe there will be a star like that, shining with the same light. Its radiance will last "forever", and its name... will be "happiness."
Yeah, you're right.
It's a deal, then. This is our promise, and nothing will sway our ideals.
Miss Bailu, you fled the Alchemy Commission yet again! How many times have I told you, our rules state that—
Reborn? More excuses. Who brought you out this time. Is that... Master Dan Feng?
I don't think so. The appearance of the Luofu's High Elders have been similar through the ages, but there's no mistaking Master Dan Feng...
Why do you remain silent? Your Highness, you're still as cold and lonely as you ever were, like the eternal ice on the Fanghu.
Bailu, return to the Forbidden Residence. I must speak with Master Dan Feng.
Master Dan Feng, I finally understand your plan. That little girl is the key to the Transmutation Arcanum! This is a breakthrough for my research!
The Vidyadhara perform self-reincarnation, but we are unable to reproduce. Natural and artificial disasters inevitably reduce our population.
If this continues, one day our noble draconic bloodline will perish, and the fated decree of The Permanence will be violated. For this very reason, I have spent my entire life researching ways to free the Vidyadhara from the cycle of reincarnation.
I have been without success for a long, long time, thinking that this reincarnation had been nought but a waste. But now you have enlightened me!
Master Dan Feng, your changes to the Transmutation Arcanum created a draconic abomination that wreaked great destruction... but it also created a new life! This is the hope that will one day allow the Vidyadhara to reproduce!
My understanding of reproduction was limited by ordinary notions — how constrained I was! Why should Vidyadhara reproduction remain trapped within the confines of our race...
To unearth the potential might of Long's blood... and incorporate other races into the flesh of the dragon — isn't that the real meaning behind the Transmutation Arcanum?
The Preceptors are too narrow-minded to see your talent. They want to install another High Elder. Foolish!
...
Hm...? Wha...? Mushroom bread...? I can't see it on the menu... Miss Seele?
Take shelter... *gasp* I remember now! These guys came out of nowhere and got into a fight with the mining team...
At the time I was exhausted — I'd hardly run a few feet when one of them caught me. If it weren't for Wildfire, they'd have stolen the clothes off my back!
Further in, I guess. Those thugs took control of the vein ages ago — and they're fully armed. We poor, defenseless, good folks were no match for them.
It's only thanks to Wildfire that the Great Mine hasn't fallen into their hands completely.
You don't know these guys — no moral compass — they'd rob you blind in a flash! It's only thanks to Wildfire that the Great Mine hasn't fallen under their control completely.
Uh... speaking of which... where is Wildfire? Did they head further in? Is there a fight happening?
Okay! Thank you for, um... getting me on my feet! If I get back soon enough, I'll have time for a nap...
Huh...? Argh...
Argh, my back... I was having such a great nap, how did I...
Action... stations? Already? Ooh, um — ow, oww...! My head...
Huh? Sushang? What are you doing here...?
You can say that again — some comrades were injured by monsters in the vicinity. They only just made it out.
I'm taking up the rear — I should be out of here soon. You guys should hurry.
Sorry, that could be anyone around here...
Oh, I know who you're talking about. I saw them leave — they were going this way.
...Up... Up ahead...
...Up ahead... Please, leave me...
Miss Tingyun, the mara-struck have been repelled, b—but there could be other dangers nearby.
The situation is serious. Allow us to escort you back to the Sky-Faring Commission, immediately.
Miss Tingyun! Fall back!
They're {RUBY_B#Long-Life Curse}mara-struck{RUBY_E#} — we've already lost them...
They were no monsters!
The teddy bear? I've seen it. The one with the erebus eyes, right? I was planning on bidding for it...
...Correct. I rushed over here from a neighboring town and forgot my darn wallet!
But I also have my own items to auction and a commodity contract. If I can sell my stuff at a good price, I might be able to afford the bear.
The catch is I... lost the contract!
Not so fast! I... I know where the contract is.
A robot stole my contract. Now it's lurking somewhere in the machine graveyard, and I'm too terrified to go after it.
*sigh* Just my luck... If I can't retrieve the contract, I won't be able to buy that bear...
*sigh* When am I gonna catch a break...?
Huh? But that robot stole it! How did you...?
Really? Thank you so much! ...Now, if I can just sell my items, I'll... have enough money to bid on the erebus teddy!
You two have done me a huge favor, I won't forget it!
A—And I'll add 50 to that!
Punish her, boss!
S—Sure!
Welcome to Penacony, Land of the Dreams!
You're welcome!
We're a family!
Your happiness is our priority!
Yes, boss!
What's wrong with boss?
We're truly sorry for the trouble we caused!
What's wrong with boss?
What do we do now?
Yes, boss!
Wh—Who's there!?
A red ribbon... W—Wildfire!? Ha! How did you...? I'm doing just fine — no monsters around here. Why don't you go bother someone else?
H—Hold on a second. Who told you the name of this robot? Don't tell me it's—
...F—Fist of a champion, huh? Hmph, I've come this far — I won't be able to show my face around here if news gets out... Do your worst!
Big Ben, let's get him!
...Spare me! Please, all of you, I shouldn't have stolen anything — I admit! Give me a second chance!
I—I'm sorry! Please, I've learned my lesson!
I've reset its systems — it won't attack you anymore! Just get it out of here — take it back to its owner!
Ugh... I can't stay here anymore... What am I gonna do...
Smooth as you like...
You had it coming, Cassidy...
I—I can't turn back now!
Hey! Dear Memokeeper, and Mr. Cold Feet — you made it!
I didn't expect you to skip the final puzzle. That's on me! Alright, alright, Miss Sparkle cares not for the faults of ants like me. Come then, this is the final question...
Listen up! What creature has four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs at night?
Sometimes it's nice to take things easy! Come on dear, give me your answer then~
Wamp wah — wrong answer. How could it be as boring as that!
Wamp wah — wrong answer. That's funky, but a wild guess.
Wamp wah — wrong answer. That's funky, but a wild guess.
Wamp wah — wrong answer. That's funky, but a wild guess.
The correct answer is: "Sparkle"!
When sleepy in the morning, she can't get out of bed. She runs about all afternoon in a fluster, so is exhausted by evening — but has to still raise a hand to hold a toothbrush. Poor Sparkle!
So naturally she's got "four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs at night"~
Thanks for the compliment, my dear. But you can't try to fool me seeing as you've just tried to cheat! Wrong answer... accept your punishment!
"Memokeeper of the Garden of Recollection: I've been watching you for quite some time."
"You stole a glance at me when you first entered the hotel. You followed me wherever I went inside the dreamscape: in the windows along the commercial street, in the pondwater reflections of the Aideen Park, even in the reflections of the wine glass... Everywhere!"
"...My dear, do you have a crush on me? Well then, seeing as you're so interested in me, let's play a little game."
"I left a puzzle for you near Oti Mall. Solve it and prove that you're capable of pleasing me. If you can solve it... then we can talk."
"Don't leave me waiting, my dear. Before Penacony gets flipped upside down, try to find me~ catch me~ and stop me~"
Hey! My dear Memokeeper? Where do you think you're going! Don't think you can escape, hmm? Are you afraid? Is that it for the Garden of Recollection? Is that it? Is that all?
Hey! My dear Memokeeper? Where do you think you're going! Don't think you can escape, hmm? Are you afraid? Is that it for the Garden of Recollection? Is that it? Is that all?
*coughs*
The two pieces of evidence that you found are related to the attack on Shamari. Miss Sparkle didn't leave them lying around for no reason — they are clues to the puzzle.
But, there are still some other clues that were placed in other areas so they won't spoil the crime scene...
No no, it's disruptive to have a stack of irrelevant things crowding a crime scene! Miss Sparkle is a law-abiding citizen who'd never bring extra trouble to The Family!
Miss Sparkle doesn't want to distract your investigation!
Excuse me, guest from another world. Please spare me a moment of your time. Do you yearn for immortality?
Do you not believe in the pursuit of eternal life? Perhaps it's because you've already given up on that aspiration!
Who would turn down the opportunity to live forever? The Xianzhou doesn't care one bit about the well-being of short-life species! They stubbornly blockade the glorious path to immortality.
Excellent! Who would turn down the opportunity to live forever?
The Xianzhou doesn't care one bit about the well-being of short-life species! They stubbornly blockade the glorious path to immortality.
...
I understand! Eternal life is indeed a kind of power, wouldn't you say?
Uh...
Haha, what a peculiar person you are. I'll tell it to you straight — to outworlders I offer the chance of immortality... but perhaps someone like you would be better off joining the Antimatter Legion.
Regardless of what you choose, let's keep our voices down... eh? This isn't the kind of conversation you can have out in the open.
Before you can grasp absolute power, you must yearn for immortality, don't you think? The problem is that the Xianzhou Alliance doesn't care one bit about the well-being of short-life species! They stubbornly blockade the glorious path to immortality.
My name is Green Hibiscus. I came to Exalting Sanctum in hopes of a fated encounter with one such as yourself — one who is also on the road to immortality.
Huh? Young shopkeeper? You mean Yinshu? Yeah, I am. Something wrong?
Why should I?
I can tell you... if you pay me 500 strales.
Hehe, come on. No one ever tell you that information and intelligence are the most valuable commodities?
Oh, you dare threaten me? Do you know who I am?
Oh, you mean like the one in that work of fiction? Who are you trying to kid?
Sounds like a pack of lies... Still, they don't seem like pushovers...
The Express Crew...? Never heard of you. I mean, they couldn't be higher-ups from one of the other Xianzhou ships... could they?
Dang it, am I in trouble? Ugh... Better to live and fight another day.
*sigh* Forget it, I'm not stooping to your level. Yinshu said she had a voucher for a food stall over in Exalting Sanctum — she wanted to use it before it expired... You know, she's not been gone long — probably finishing up her food right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah – same difference, pay up.
Hehe, I'm not that kind of person. Come on! Yinshu said she had a voucher for a food stall over in Exalting Sanctum — she wanted to use it before it expired... You know, she's not been gone long — probably finishing up her food right now.
Boss, this is the one... He brought the delivery.
This is our boss — Startaro Bubble! Let's see this delivery, and make it snappy.
Save it! Show us the goods first!
Hey, I'm talkin' to you! What's your business here?
Excuse me, sir! May I ask whether you're here on business, or...?
Delivery? ...Ah yes, the delivery — the boss is waiting for you. I'm afraid I'll need to see some ID first.
I can't do that. Why bother making rules if everyone can just ask for a favor?
Working undercover dressed like an outworlder? You think I'm stupid?
Threats will get you nowhere. I have principles, and I don't give in to bullies.
No can do. If the boss found out that I took a bribe, I'd be in big trouble.
People ask for favors every day. Am I supposed to say yes to all of them?
That's... the code. So you're the one. Wait here a moment — I'll call the boss right away.
Don't try making conversation with me! I don't trust anyone here!
I'm warning you, there's only one winner at an auction — everyone here is one of my competitors!
Hmph, I'll take that as a compliment! You think I can't hear you, you little brat?
Haha, you think you can fool me? The friendlier they are on the outside, the more devious they are on the inside!
Temper? What temper? I'm perfectly calm, thank you!
You're sellers, right? I just caught sight of a teddy bear on the bid list. Is that yours?
Hmph, you two with your poker faces... You've got a trick up your sleeves with that bear?
...Trying to dupe me into not bidding on it, huh? Fine, then I will bid for it! I won't let this opportunity slip!
Don't want me to profit from your item, huh? Well in that case, I'm definitely gonna solve the mystery of your teddy bear, haha!
...Don't want me to profit from your item, huh? Well in that case, I'll just have to place a bid and solve the mystery of your teddy bear, hahaha!
325!
What's the problem with 325? That's my offer!
Emily, calm down and think about what she would do in such a disaster. Ten cups of coffee? A pill? Or maybe hide in a room full of Mystic Scrolls of Aeons?
...
...That's bitter coffee... *coughing* ...so bitter.
Too dang bitter!!!
Oh sis, where are you? I'm so scared...
Heh, I'm not that wonderful. I'm just okay.
Mm-hmm, sure. Can I help you with something?
Again? How many times has it been!? You're really pushing my buttons...
Huh, Asta told you to find me? A curio that doesn't have a body but is alive... Isn't the Department of Ecology full of Curio experts? That's got nothing to do with the Department of Insight.
However, I've heard of such a species. A colleague who came back from a business trip said that the Xianzhou Alliance has lifeforms like that.
Uh, don't get me wrong, I was merely relaying information. I didn't mean I'd help you. *sigh* The atmosphere on the space station has been getting stranger lately. It's risky taking sides.
You again? What do you want to ask this time? I'm very busy! I need to investigate the divine message!
I'm doing fine, Miss Natasha, just fine... Look at you! You've blossomed into a fine young woman. Such a pity that your father...
Don't be, my dear... It is my honor to look after your parents.
Miss Natasha! One moment please!
I apologize, Miss Natasha! As a matter of fact... there's something I have to tell you in person.
You haven't changed a bit — smart and sensitive. The fact of the matter is... in the first two years after the passage was closed off, I received many letters from Master Vache.
Of course, Miss. I recognized his handwriting. You'll see what I mean when you read the letters yourself.
Actually... those letters were intended for your eyes only. The delivery address was the Underworld, but because of the sealing off of the passageway, the letters were sent back to your old house, to me.
I... I'm sorry, Miss. I opened one of them out of curiosity. Master Vache stressed in the letter that your parents must not know what happened to him...
That's why I put the letters in a secure place, waiting to hand them to you when we could meet again.
I... I'm not sure if I did the right thing, Miss Natasha. I just didn't want your parents to feel that their son was so close and yet so far away...
Of course, of course — here... You can tell it's the young master's handwriting.
Leave the city? You are taking too much risk, Miss Natasha...
Visitors for Svarog detected.
Protocol initiating... Scanning... Verifying.
Certification failure... Subject has yet to obtain access permissions.
Request rejected. Visitors must acquire access permissions from Miss Clara.
Obtaining audio data, please wait...
The energy core's bearing component is broken... If we don't repair it soon, the settlement will be pitch-black.
Timmy, I'm going back to Rivet Town — maybe I can recover some usable components. You need to guard the gate while I'm gone.
Recording recovery complete. Resuming execution of Clara's commands.
Welcome back, Miss Clara.
Outsiders detected. Do you wish to permit access?
Command received. Access restriction terminal unlocked.
Welcome back, Miss Clara and guests.
Protocol initiating... Scanning... Verifying.
Certification failure... Subject has yet to obtain access permissions. Launching processing.
Launching stage one processing. Please listen to the following question...
Who is the reigning champion of the Internal Combustion Engine Rap Tournament?
Please answer the following question: Who is the reigning champion of the Internal Combustion Engine Rap Tournament?
Incorrect answer. Certification result: failure.
Reassessing... Subject threat index: high. Initializing combat module. Threat elimination activated.
Correct answer.
Certification result: success. Requisite certifications remaining: two.
Please extend your right hand.
...System reset... successful. Certification sequence... online.
The lives of short-life species are so fleetingly brief. Why seek death?
Why did you come to the Xianzhou? To seek immortality?
You don't have to appease Jing Yuan! The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus can provide all that you desire!
There you are! Ziyi clearly failed then. Oh, and if it isn't the Dragon Lady... Trying to make up for past sins, are we?
I'll deal with you in a moment, little girl. Men! Take the traitor and make sure you get the list from her.
Hmph, it felt that way until you opened your trap. Who are you?
...Is that how you beg for mercy? What the heck are you doing?
Where is everyone? Seize them!
You...
A Ten-Lords Commission judge!?
You've come at the perfect time, little one. We can use your blood... to irrigate the celestial traces.
The city is drowning in tears... The power of the Preservation is fading.
We could not defy the will of the Stellaron after all...
Yes... But we have no right to judge.
Ah, a believer, I see?
The Fragmentum had been expanding for the past 700 years. There is no faith nor wealth left for our successors... only despair.
To see the home we vowed to preserve wither away... That in itself is torture. Not to mention the haunting whisper of temptation...
The day will come when even the strongest of wills cannot help but give in to such influence. It is only a matter of time before the Amber Lord forsakes us.
You...
You are but a stranger to us. And yet you seek to bond your destiny to ours...
So be it. What is there to lose when so much has already been lost...
Touch the light of the Amber, trailblazer. See if your will can attract THEIR gaze.
C'mon, drink it up and you'll feel better.
Ah, it's you! You saved us from the monsters in the mine. You guys are... Silvermane Guards from the Overworld, right?
If you hadn't been there, we would've...
I—I'll think of a way to repay you! I'll get a job, and—
Th—That's very kind of you... If Mom and Dad were still here, they'd want us to return the favor...
Thanks! We can manage our daily expenses...
...Mm. They'll come back one day, Zino.
Mm, not really — it's my responsibility as a sister. I'm just worried that with all these monster invasions, maybe one day I won't...
My brother is too young to survive in the Underworld. To think he might have to live on his own ...
Captain Gepard...
Thank you, Captain Gepard. Zino and I will remember your words.
Contestants, you are about to confront the monsters of the Primordial Dreamscape! During this period, Penacony was nothing but a barren wasteland — the Dreamscape was fraught with strife and disorder, with Memory Zone Memes running rampant!
As Dreamchasers who've come to Penacony, defeating them is your first step towards success!
Congratulations on becoming the first group of Dreamchasers! Answering the call from the Watchmaker, you are disappointed to learn that Penacony isn't paved with gold. Resigned to your current plight, you start from the hierarchical dredges, biding your time for a chance at success.
Just as you're about to give up, a downpour sparks a business idea — you enter the umbrella business! But just as things are looking up, you encounter a competitor. Defeat them and emerge victorious from this trade war!
Because, this is SoulGlad™ Enterprises' thirty-third Festivity Auditions of the twentieth season!
Congratulations to our two Dreamchasers for establishing yourselves as budding stars in Penacony. However, now you face a competitor selling at low prices, pushing you to the brink of bankruptcy.
No matter how lengthy the battle, you always persevere. Topple this powerful opponent, and the tides will turn, paving a way to success!
Transforming into a dinosaur isn't imaginative enough for you? This is the sort of magic only seen on Penacony. Anyway, let's get back on track. Where were we? Oh, that's right—
After an extended battle, you finally emerged victorious, but the companion who journeyed to Penacony with you chose to leave — having lost all hope.
In the years that followed, you encountered each other once more on the prosperous streets of Penacony, but dared not call out to one another. Perhaps akin to the lingering regret of every Dreamchaser.
Well done! You brought to life the thrilling action scenes from Once Upon a Time in Dreams with your fighting skills!
Oh, Robin? Can't believe I'm meeting you in person here... What an honor.
You're right. Even though time stands still in this Dreamscape, it always feels fresh... I find something new every time.
Not at all. With little time left, I yearn for meaningful conversations, especially with someone as esteemed as you. Do you mind if we chat?
Hehe, yeah... I was part of a war, and while escaping from the Sukhousian mothership, I got exposed to some radioactive materials.
And then? All my comrades died, and my hometown was wiped out by neutron bombardments. I couldn't bear to live with everything I knew gone... That's when I heard about a possible solution here, so I came.
They have, and I'm truly grateful for that. They provided me with a comfortable room, the most advanced life-support devices in the Cosmos, and a stellar team of caregivers.
My physical body is now in the Dreampool, sustained by life support. The me you see here is whole, rational, and no different from any other person... but I can't say the same for the "me" in the hotel room.
My true appearance... Well, I hope you never have to witness it, Robin.
Heh, just being able to live at all is good enough for me. Whether it's in this Dreamscape or not, well, I don't really have much say in the matter.
My world has been torn apart, and my life could end any second. So... even if this whole place is an illusion, it's still my paradise, and I'll treasure every moment I spend here.
Heh... how I envy those everlasting things...
Oh, dear... it's Mr. Sunday! Hey, come over here! Hahaha...
Oh, Mr. Sunday... Hey there! Okay, see the moon in the sky? It's about the size of the cap on my SoulGlad bottle!
If I just reached out my hand... I could grab the moon, couldn't I?
Oh, yeah! Haha, look at me! I've been away from home for too long... I must be missing that moon... *hiccup*
But... it's no big deal! The Grand Theater here looks much better than the moon back home... It's just... magnificent!
They told me not to sell everything I had just to come to Penacony... Tsk, how short-sighted!
Why? Can't you see...? Life back home is miserable... It's not really living at all.
It's better to be here in Penacony! No pain, no worries about tomorrow, just sweet dreams! You can do whatever you want! That's what I call living... *hiccup* Yeah, now this is the life!
*hiccup* Huh...? What did you just say, young lady...? I didn't quite catch that...
Oh... yeah, that's a great idea! Wow, no wonder you're the leader of this sweet dream! You're totally a lifesaver!
See you around, Mr. Sunday! And... It was nice chatting with you... *hiccup*
Hello. Welcome to the Golden Hour base model.
I am an Oak Soldier. I will be here to guide you through the tour of the base model. Happy to be of service.
Hel-l-l-l-l-o. Welcome to the Golden Hour ba-a-a-a-a-se model —
I am an O-o-o-o-o-ak Soldier. I will be here to guide you through the to-o-o-o-ur of the base mo —
Model. Happy to be of service.
Gen-n-n-n-n-n-nerating guide. Please wait pa-a-a-a-a-a-atient-t-t-t...
t-t-t-t-t...
...Fo-o-o-o-und the nearest check-in spot!
Please lo-o-o-o-k behind me — a capsule m-a-a-a-a-chine model—
Mode-e-e-e-e-e-e-l—
Ah!
What would it be like in the dream?
I have to make myself taller a bit.
So tired...
Don't talk while standing over me!
It took me so much work to save up for a vacation...
If I were to run in my dream.
Give him a kid's meal.
Me! Today!
These prints... are way too small!
My mind is empty...
How odd... No available rooms?
...Huh — what? Who are you? Where are the people I'm supposed to meet up with?
Hahahaha, what could a couple of brats do to me? Do you even know how much the probe is worth?
You two better think twice. The boss put in a lot of effort to find this item. If you even...
Okay, enough! I give up, okay!? S—Stay calm! I'll give you the probe, just listen to me...
I overheard the auctioneer say that the Geomarrow Probe would fetch at least 600 shield... 600 shield! Have you ever seen that much money?
Tsk. You? Yeah right. I don't believe you!
...Why would I lie to you at this point?
How about this. The boss, along with a few buddies and I — we put together 600 shield and buy the probe from you, hmm?
Come on missy, don't be so stubborn. We can talk it over...
Oh... I see. You just wanna keep the probe to yourselves, right? *sigh* And here I was thinking I'd met some nice people. You're worse than I am...
Wait a minute! You're just gonna give it back? That's 600 shield! 600! At least think about it!
Oof, just take a look at this pair. Such star quality! Since you've come as a pair, I'll prep a two-person scene for you!
You two, are you ready?
Envision that you both, driven by the spirit of exploration, are arriving at the land of dreams that is Penacony for the first time. But! Instead of lush lands, you find yourselves amidst swirling sands and desolation, far from the paradise the Watchmaker described.
You're driving an old clunker through the wilderness of the Dreamscape, braving the cold wind, choking on the dust, and suddenly, a fierce Memory Zone Meme blocks your path...
Very good! Now, though you're disappointed, your screen partner is conversely very enthusiastic. Now, young lady! You will say...
Very good! Very intense! And then we cut to the story's next scene — you find a job mending the rails, but the days are long, and your endurance can't keep up, and you finally collapse in the endless expanse of desert...
Suddenly! Sweet rain falls from the sky, wetting your lips, and rousing your spirits.
But at this moment, your partner yet gazes into the sky, both her eyes closed. The rain drops fall, blurring her vision, and she tragically says...
Fantastic! Both of you have an incredibly solid foundation in dialogue delivery! However, lines aren't everything in a performance. Please continue this story on the second stage...
Up next, you'll be challenged with a body language test.
The depth of your dialogue delivery is remarkable! Best of luck with your results!
Mikhail... Are you still there...?
Thank you...
Now come to think that you exist in the Nihility, and you watch over others to depart it...
Such a task is absurd and meaningless.
Even if the future you forge may not even belong to you?
What hardships you must have experienced...
In that case, allow me to do something meaningless, too...
Please tell me your name.
Perhaps my existence will vanish in the next moment... and nobody will remember this conversation or your answer...
But I believe... that your name should be remembered...
And this universe... will remember it as well.
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
Help! Help me!
Help! Help me! Pull me out! Help me!
Help! Help me! Pull me out! Please!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Thank... you, beautiful person!
I'll... repay your kindness! Go to... the tree! Please go... there! There! I'll show... you something... nice!
*Chirp*
Help, help, tweet! I'm about to end up as a roast dinner, tweet!
Tweet! Help, help help, tweet! This fella's body is boiling hot, tweet!
Is anyone there, tweet? I can't take it anymore, tweet!
Is that Clockie, tweet? Please save me, tweet! I'm being roasted alive, tweet!
Mr. Gopher Wood gave me a picture book! It's about the story of the Harmonic Strings!
If I could become a Chordmaster, I'd like to summon... Dominicus the Harmonious Choir! I want to sing with everyone and spread our wishes so that all can feel happiness and joy.
Don't you... have a wish of your own, brother?
Then let's build a stage there and invite everyone to our performance so that both our wishes come true, through the power of the Harmonious Choir.
Yeah, it's a deal! But how can I become a Chordmaster...?
Brother, do you think... the stars will fade away?
Because the constellation that looks like a bird, the... Torrent Eagles... looks a bit dim lately.
No, not just one star! We should have two stars... or maybe even more!
It's a deal!
Yeah, you bet!
Daddy bought me a new one...
I bet your present wasn't as good as mine!
My daddy made a lot of money this month!
He bought me lots of new clothes! Things you can't even find in the Underworld!
I'm... okay... it's my fault. I shouldn't have wandered off on my own... then I wouldn't have run into those guys.
They always laugh at me for being blind. They like to trip me up, and steal my things.
Oh, Dan Shu asked you to come?
*sob* Help...
Somebody help me...
I... You're right, Dan Shu... From now on, I'll do my best to rely on myself...
It's so easy to get tired these days.
Alright, a Roadside Picnic then!
Where are we gonna go now?
Aurum Alley one-day tour!
Everyone was amazed...
The peach flavor is gorgeous!
This is an Elegantrix sports car — how cool!
Why is there only SoulGlad...
I came here to pursue my dream.
Do even you get art?
Madam Xueyi, the remnants of the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have been found in the southwest of Cloudford!
There are armed villains up ahead. If you're not on duty here, return to the city for your own safety.
Halt! What's with the kid?
Hmm... she does have horns and a tail...
I heard the Dragon Lady liked to sneak away from the commission, but I never thought I'd have the honor of seeing her in person.
I knew that! You're escorting her back to the Alchemy Commission, right?
Uh...
That's right. You don't seem very well, soldier. We have a military doctor up ahead...
Access granted!
Good work, soldiers.
That poor, poor lady... Both her husband and child became ill and passed away.
*sigh* ...Not terribly serious. But they needed to get treatment every now and then, which did impact their livelihood.
Yes... Before her family passed away, she was a carefree young woman.
Her husband and child caught a mysterious illness. The symptoms weren't grave, but their livelihood was certainly impacted.
In order to try and rid themselves of the ailment once and for all, they bought some kind of "wonder medicine..." Who would've thought their condition would deteriorate so rapidly after they began using it.
The two began to suffer terribly, such that death became a blessing... It wasn't long before they departed this world, one after the other.
From that moment on, oh she became as you see her now. If Dr. Natasha hadn't taken her under her wing... *sigh* Well it doesn't bear thinking about.
And yet what more could've been done? They were warned about the medicine. They were told about the risks... They chose to roll the dice.
Just unlucky? As far as I'm concerned, those medicine dealers are making money for murder in broad daylight... Who would sell such a thing to the sick?
*sigh* Talking about it tires me out. At least my husband and I are able to help her where we can. I just hope that one day she can lead a normal life again...
Here, you two are required to skillfully utilize body language to portray the narrative subtext I've laid out for you.
Picking up from where we left off, a heavy downpour saves you both while you are stranded in the desert. This rain quenches the anger in your heart. You look to your companion, now completely devoid of fighting spirit, wanting to comfort her...
At this moment, what should you do to make her laugh?
Right answer! Your companion sees you rolling about in the sand, and thinks about the arduous obstacles along this journey. She can't help but let loose a laugh, rekindling hope in her heart — and so this girl reacts...
A tug at the heartstrings! The story continues to develop. The heavy rain leads you both to sense a business opportunity, so you start venturing into the umbrella industry. But just as the business begins to pick up, competitors start flooding the market with low-priced goods, squeezing your market share.
You have no choice — the goods you stockpiled at high prices have to be sold at a loss... This is a pretty self-destructive move which drives your business to the brink of bankruptcy. At this moment, what would you — who refuses to admit defeat — decide to do?
Fantastic! But it's a pity, your friend does not agree. Seeing that you're up to your eyeballs in debt, she sees nothing but despair in her future, and then...
Of course! Absolutely! I was this close to tears. Both of you possess exceptional acting talent!
However, the true test is yet to come. You're about to encounter the harshest judge this show has ever seen. You'll need to rely on perfect performances if you want to win them over.
Both of you possess excellent performative talent. I wish you all the best!
Hey, buddy! I have to admit, gaming really does have a soothing magic to it. I feel like I'm getting better and better!
It's pretty interesting! It's a simple game, but once you start, you just can't stop! Every time I get two out of three, I feel like I'm actually covered in True Stings!
I have. It's so exciting! The way my heart races and drops as the pointer goes past the grand prize, it's like a real roller-coaster ride!
I have. I was so surprised! It feels like an out-of-control shopping machine... But huge!
Haha! I was under the impression that if you want to grasp the secrets of entertainment, you have to work and really study...
Eventually, I realized that once you start playing, they're really not that complicated. They're just a challenge I've never taken on!
Thanks to your guidance, I can enjoy Penacony to its fullest. What more could I ask for!
You really helped me think things through. I should be treating you.
Take this. It's a symbol of the beginning of my new life.
If you have time, come and find me in Aideen Park.
█I███human. ██injured? ██no████hurt! ██please don't██.
█Human███! Parts██Rivet██need████repair██need██! Town.
█ Parts███ need██? █ █Need █ ███ need! ██ need██! Hurt██ don't.
█Run███escape! Open██fire██workshop████chase██don't██!
█ Hurt██pain█ no██hurt █ █don't █ █pain█suffer█ sorry ██ parts██sorry.
█ Sorry██hurt███pain█ no█pain█sorry █ █sorry █ ██pain█ sorry ██ sorry██suffer██sorry██████sorry!
█Sorry█hurt███suffer█pain█no█pain█sorry██so█████rry███pain█████████hurt█sorry suffer sorry sorry pain sorry ouch pain sorry████████████!
███████not██compatible██in-██compatible██!?
█████Incompatible████in-████!
██Incompatible██in█com██incomatiblein█incompatibleincompatibleincompatibleincompatible██████—
Forgive me for being brief — warfare is a dangerous business. There's no time for idle chat.
We took over this place a few hours ago under the master diviner's command. It was only afterwards that we learned our enemies were none other than the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus — those who worship the {RUBY_B#Yaoshi}Plagues Author{RUBY_E#}.
Everything was going as planned. The sorcerers of the Disciples and the fantastic creatures they commanded were no match for us.
...Then, after a while, our comrades suddenly started to slaughter one another...
Curse it! What Sanctus Medicus sorcery did they use on us!?
Yes, among the Sanctus Medicus monsters... there were our comrades.
The greatest fear of the Xianzhou people is succumbing to our mara-struck form around others. To do so means that we have given up on being human, lost to the abomination sleeping in our immortal blood... and violated the Reignbow's admonishments.
What the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus did are despicable acts that every Alliance resident detests!
...I swear to the Arbiter that I will avenge my comrades.
Thanks for your intel. I'll dispatch someone immediately.
Why did those monsters have to breach the ionizing grid on my watch...
It can't be my fault, I'd never make a mistake like this... I'm going out there to check the data again!
Injured? I don't care, see anyone else that cares? Who are you anyway, get out of my way.
Dangerous? Of course it's dangerous, I just came back from the front line, I know that better than you.
Hero? Don't overthink it. I'm not doing this for others, I'm doing it for myself.
The space station shield's first line of defense is the anti-gravity ionizing grid. I'm the researcher in charge of it. Do you expect me to just sit here after something like this?
I agree. But when the investigation's over, the blame will fall entirely on my shoulders.
That may be the case, but it's better than just hiding here doing nothing.
Hmph... it's easy for you to say! This didn't happen on your watch, you wouldn't understand!
Besides, that bunch of troublemakers is still out there... I know you mean well, but I've made up my mind.
Ah, why hello there. Anything I can help you with?
So this is official Seat of Divine Foresight business, eh? Then I'll do everything I can to assist you, haha. Let's take a look at this prescription you mentioned.
...
...
If this request had come from anywhere else, it would've seemed like a joke... but the Seat of Divine Foresight only deals in the serious...
I can't understand this prescription, and I imagine that other alchemists won't be able to make sense of it either. I recommend you go directly to the chief alchemist, Lady Dan Shu.
Lady Dan Shu is renowned for her unique line of reasoning. She's proposed several prescriptions that would have been incomprehensible to us if she hadn't explained the pharmacology...
...still, those same prescriptions have always been able to produce miraculous effects. Lady Dan Shu is a truly gifted alchemist.
All the more amazing given her sightlessness, wouldn't you say?
Lady Dan Shu likes to pass the time over at Synwood Pavilion — I'm sure you'll run into her if you head that way.
Mommy, what do children in the Overworld dress like?
Then... will other children laugh at me when we go up?
...Deal! Thanks, mommy.
...Huh? Grown-ups? Where's Julian?
Hmph, so he is a scaredy-cat. I knew he'd get someone else to talk to me...
Mm... I guess so. Anyway, I'm gonna go find Julian.
Hook, Julian...
...Hook and Julian always wanted to defeat the villains on the surface and take back our homeland.
But it sounds like you grown-ups just stole their thunder, so...
I can't wait, it's gonna be so cool!
Hmph.
Hmph... Hmph!
Hmph? Hmph.
Hmph... Hmph.
Hmph! Hmph.
Hmph? Hmph... Hmph.
Hmph... Hmph!
Hmph, hmph, hmph...
...Hmph!
This travel guide needs an update.
...Oh, you wanna know which snack stalls I recommend around here?
Well, you've come to the right person. It's my first time here too, but I've tried everything.
There's a lot of things here that I've never even heard of — I was kinda scared to try them.
I recommend the tuskpir wraps — they're very similar to cake rolls, but the hawker said they're made from something called... well, "tuskpir..." What do you suppose that is?
I'll admit, I was hesitant to try it at first. But once I worked up the courage and took a bite, it turned out to be just another delicious snack.
Very unique taste — crispy melt-in-the-mouth type texture too... Y'know, the flavor kinda reminded me of a lot of stuff I'd eaten before, but I couldn't put my finger on anything. That's the magic of "tuskpir," I guess...
Have you heard of mung bean soda? The Xianzhou locals say it's delicious. So I bought one, took a sip, and then sprayed it all over the diners at the next table.
It has a grayish green color and a sour, rotten flavor... I reckon there's a handful of food connoisseurs that actually like it. Try some if you dare, but don't get your hopes up.
Every Cloud Knight knows what they must do if their comrades become mara-struck. Don't forget your training.
There are records of such a phenomenon in the Cloud Knights Martial Doctrine. Those who come into contact with the Plagues Author become mara-struck instantly... I never thought the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus were real, or so close to us.
The Disciples of Sanctus Medicus started a rebellion in the Alchemy Commission — the Cloud Knights have the area locked down. It's not safe, please remain here for now.
We will send someone to escort you back once the operation is over.
Lunatics — all of them. You saw the Ambrosial Arbor, I assume? I heard that's the work of those sorcerers. Still, I can't say too much — military secrets.
You must be talking about the general's guests. Are they your friends?
What a coincidence — they left with the master diviner not long ago. It's all thanks to their courageous work that the Knights don't have to worry about the poison in Evemist Mansion.
I received the good news from the front lines. They'll probably be back soon.
Strange, you seem oddly familiar to me... Never mind, too many misfortunes recently — I can hardly think straight.
...Brothers and sisters! Are you ready for today's most spectacular, spine-tingling, earth-shattering contest!?
On one side — recommended by Tall, Blue, and Handsome — the unsmiling pulverizing power of the new kid on the block: Cold Dragon Young!
And his opponent is... none other than the unfeeling, incendiary, explosive might of Team Robomatic! All praise to Boss Svarog!
Given that no other fighter was willing to take on the strength of Team Robomatic, Cold Dragon Young will face off against these opponents alone! On learning his fate, the brave young fighter had one thing to say: "Whatever!"
And so, let the semifinals of the 1758th Fighting King Challenge... begin!
Brothers and sisters, you can feel their passion! The magnetic pull of this electric sport is undeniable! But let me reiterate: these competitions are for professionals only! Whatever you do kids, don't try this at home!
And Cold Dragon Young is signaling that the contest will go ahead! He's just itching to get into it! And so are we! It's the iron fists of Cold Dragon Young — and friends — versus the iron skin of Team Robomatic!
Oh! What a beautiful performance! Cold Dragon Young and his last-minute admirers emerge victoriouuuus!
Friends of the Under— I mean — friends of Belobog! The champion of the 1761st Fighting King Challenge, 30 tournaments, 28 victories, the Boulder King of Fists... Luuuuuuuukaaaaaaaa!
Ah yes, I've heard so much about you! It's so nice to finally have the pleasure of meeting you!
I — huh? Uhh... Thank you, what a nice compliment!
My pleasure, Miss Pela! Leave it to me, I'll keep our manager up to speed on every detail.
That's the spirit! Let's get started then.
Of course, take your time. Come back when you're ready.
That's the spirit! Let's get started then.
Of course, take your time. Come back when you're ready.
Oh, right! There's something I wanted to tell you: A man with blue hair came along and left a message. He asked me to pass it on to the manager of the museum.
Here — I haven't read the content. Do you want to take a look?
Long time no see, Hanu. You look pretty stressed out. How about an intense and thrilling game of Dream Jigsaw to blow off some steam?
Oh, my, are you telling me that Boss Stone has rallied the villains to seize Dreamville? What a dreadful twist of fate...
Listen closely, Hanu. I'm aware you're in need of a suitable weapon, and I also know there's one just upstairs...
But, you know what? You'll have to play an exhilarating round of Dream Jigsaw first. No jigsaw, no moving forward.
Now, scurry along, Hanu. But tread carefully – two ne'er-do-wells are also eyeing those jigsaw pieces... Either outsmart them with a quick knockout, or ensure they don't catch you in the act.
I can't wait to see you finish the Dream Jigsaw... Best of luck, Hanu!
Oh, brave Hanu... You look like you could really use some help.
Oh my! The exquisite sensation of perfect alignment... My organizational itch has been quite thoroughly scratched!
Hurry now, Hanu! Touch that TV set and transform back into your old self. Then, head upstairs — your weapon awaits you there!
I'm healer Luying of the Alchemy Commission — I'm a Vidyadhara too, as you can see. I'd heard the reincarnation of the great sinner has returned to the Luofu... and wanted to offer some advice.
Leave this troubled place immediately.
Return to being a Nameless — stay out of the high elder succession.
The Luofu Vidyadhara have finally recovered from Dan Feng's grievous sins, and were blessed with a compassionate and caring high elder in Bailu... none of this was easy. Your return has stirred up resentment and ambition among the Preceptors, and threatens our situation.
Certainly! Miss Bailu has weathered nothing but criticism since she was granted the title, but the Alchemy Commission firmly believes that girl to be a precious diamond in the rough. She is compassionate, kind, and a hundred times better than Dan Feng.
Moreover, Dan Feng selected her as high elder, making her the leader of the Luofu Vidyadhara. Fate chose her as our sovereign, and we bowed down before that destiny.
Now that you're back, everything has changed. The Preceptors are starting to think of finding other candidates, which means nothing but trouble for Miss Bailu.
You may have a clear conscience, but even so... As long as you remain on the Luofu, invisible forces will try to coerce you. Leave now. It's the best outcome for everyone involved.
Do not repeat the mistakes of a past life in this one. Farewell.
Of course not. They are mere pawns dancing to my whim.
Crush them! Smash them to pieces!
What a peppery fighting spirit! Such an addictive flavor!
Hmm, you have a strange scent on you. You must be...
I have heard the whispers of the leaves that fall in Fyxestroll Garden. The flames weep and profess to me that a powerful mortal approaches...
They carry the scent of a great battle... with none other than Phantylia...
You... You are the one who drove Phantylia away...
...What power... Your presence alone is delicious enough to make one tremble!
Let me taste you, please! One bite! Just one bite! I can't wait to savor you!
Good evening, gentlemen.
Asdana's White Oak? I think there might be a misunderstanding. We don't serve that here.
If someone had reserved such a beverage, I would definitely remember it. It sells for hundreds of thousands of credits per bottle, after all... I couldn't afford to cover for such an item if it were broken or lost.
Well, that's the most expensive one on the list. You have a taste for the finer things.
What can I get for you?
Then I would recommend today's special, Glass Village — it's Classic SoulGlad mixed with Leboom juice. It's refreshing and suits your cool demeanor. Just one minute.
As long as you are satisfied, dear guests. Please enjoy.
Are you leaving, esteemed guests? Would you like to cancel that Asdana's White Oak you just ordered?
Looks like you are a bit intoxicated, esteemed guests. You ordered a bottle of Asdana's White Oak just a moment ago.
A trashcan covered in thick frost, not remarkable in any way.
You intend to open it, but its lid is frozen shut.
You kept trying, but it wouldn't budge. Perhaps you are a bit too obsessed with this trashcan.
Maybe rummaging through the trash has become a habit for you, but sometimes you've got to know when to quit.
Even if you keep trying, what can you really do with a frozen trashcan?
Take the entire trashcan away.
Of course, the almighty Galactic Baseballer would not be deterred by a mere trashcan. You yank it out of the snow with all your might, its lid popping open.
The trash spills out onto the ground behind you, and if it were sentient, it would likely glare at you with a grudge and a shudder.
You have triumphed over the obstinate trashcan. As a reward for your resistance, you have acquired a bag... no, several bags of trash.
The meaning of the strange voice became clear inside your head: "And you shall be crowned Emperor of the Tottonids..."
Despite never having met the Tottonids, you trust they must be in possession of the greatest taste in all the universe.
I hear the three managing diviners really hate each other...
This place isn't the same as it used to be...
I can see him every time I close my eyes...
You're really popular in the dream.
What a cool design concept!
I can't do this job anymore!
Penacony, a wonderland where legends gather...
Can I help you?
The Seat of Divine Foresight? Let me see the prescription.
...Heavens above.
It's a horrifying prescription... and I can't make any sense of it.
Go and ask Lady Dan Shu. She's our chief alchemist.
She may be sightless, but she's more qualified than all of us.
She's no stranger to helping others, either — always prescribing medicine to those in need — and free of charge.
She'll certainly be willing to help the Seat of Divine Foresight.
You can find her at Synwood Pavilion.
Hey! Commander Bronya is waiting for you all down below. Hurry up and go see her. And no tricks!
Suspects! Stop running around and go see Commander Bronya!
Move back! This is your final warning!
The Fragmentum has already corroded this block! You can make a property retrieval request to the Architects, but only Silvermane Guards are permitted to enter here!
Stand back! This area is off limits — only Silvermane Guards are permitted to enter here!
If it weren't for most of our forces being deployed to the front line, situations like this wouldn't amount to anything! We can't even go on the offensive.
Darn monsters!
Duty is duty — we trust in the higher-ups! But I worry about our compatriots below ground. They must be—
Right! I'm such a hothead. I'll zip it!
Command received. Danger removed. Deactivating active defense mode.
Initializing self-repair module... Initialization failure...
Clara... in danger...
Must... protect...
Workshop... target... must be eliminated...
Outssssiders... F—Friends of Clara.
Th—Th—Th—Thank you... for rescuing... Claaaara.
Outsiders... are f—friends of Clara... Follow me...
Beep-boop. Clara's friend found. Polite mode, on.
And you are?
Richard knows what now...? What are you talking about?
What are you talking about? When did I start rumors about the lead researcher? What nonsense.
I don't even know you. I'm gonna call security if you keep this up.
Take this maintenance report of yours and look it over again. You need to count the zeros yourself — that goes without saying.
And here — what the heck is a "small stuffed animal shark for emotional support"? This kind of stuff is in storage?
Molten Cheese Tart is the best! Its outlook is infectious! Its positive mood has influenced us all!
What's our slogan again? One: stop complaining, change your attitude, and use the delicious Molten Cheese Tart to stop the flow of negative energy.
Two: energize yourself, increase your capacity for action, and walk on the path of Molten Cheese Tart's absolute conviction.
Master diviner! You're back!
Who goes there? Show yourselves!
Wait, it's you...! Quickly, in here! It's dangerous outside.
Are you not the general's guests? The master diviner prophesied your arrival — we were ordered to wait for you under any circumstances.
Yes. The master diviner ordered us to remain stationed here and went to scout ahead. They're saying the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus have returned — they haven't been seen for an age... The troops are anxious.
It's good that you're here — the master diviner said the Knights weren't to move out until you arrived.
Please wait in the camp — we'll decide on our next steps once the master diviner returns.
The master diviner has gone ahead with the scouts. Please wait here for her.
There are Sanctus Medicus sorcerers hiding out there — it's too dangerous to roam. Please wait here for the master diviner's return.
Uh... C—Can I help you with anything...?
Right... I see. Let me take a look at the prescription. I'm afraid I'm not the most talented alchemist — I probably won't be able to make much sense of it...
Huh? Th—This calls for... Vidyadhara bone marrow? Whoever wrote this prescription must be out of their mind...
Sorry... I can't make heads or tails of it. The ingredients listed are just too... strange.
Based on what little I do know, I doubt the other alchemists will be able to understand it either... I think there's only one person who could grasp this kind of pharmacology...
...The chief alchemist, Lady Dan Shu.
Lady Dan Shu is the Luofu's — no, the Xianzhou Alliance's most knowledgeable alchemist... She may be sightless, but she has sharper senses than most...
I'll wager she can wrap her head around this prescription.
When she's not working, she's usually enjoying the breeze over in Synwood Pavilion. Why don't you go and ask her about it?
The air seems to heat up suddenly, and a sticky wind grips onto your ankles, leaving you feeling intuitively uncomfortable. "Equilibrium..." Mutters a low, emotionless voice. Another whisper echoed, as if in symphony: "The universe should be... in equilibrium..."
"Yes..." Said the voice, "Equilibrium..."
"The Arbitrators of the Equilibrium are giving you a trial." And the echoes continued, "For the equilibrium of all worlds, you must demonstrate your strength. The strong will be given greater opportunities, the weak a chance to breathe."
"Passing the trial will prove that your strength has shaken the scales of power." The voice said, "Worlds will change, and thus... equilibrium. You will encounter stronger enemies, harder puzzles, and... greater rewards."
"After equilibrium..." The voice keeps repeating, "You will go on to face yet more trials..."
The voice does not answer, then after a while: "It is your choice to make..." And it continued, "But in the end, equilibrium will be upheld..."
"You will obtain more..." The voice said, "More of the material, more of the spiritual... more of the countable, more of the immeasurable. What is obtained will be in proportion to your strength, and thus... in equilibrium."
"Equilibrium." The voice repeated. You detect a hint of approval from that emotionless tone, "It is for this that all worlds change."
The air turns hot again without warning, and that soft breeze itches at your ankles. "Equilibrium." An unknown voice whispers into your ear, "The worlds are already changing, for equilibrium reigns supreme. Rest assured, the Trial of Equilibrium will find you." As its voice falls, everything returns to normal.
Seele! Thank goodness. I—I'm fine, just a couple of sprains.
You've got good timing — those vagrants were asking me about the robots, but I don't know anything...
Oh! Don't you know? The inner section of the Great Mine has been seized by a band of robots! Neither the mining team nor the vagrants can get anywhere near.
At first, we thought that a collective fault had occurred in the excavation machines, but then we found out that those machines didn't even belong to the mining team.
They came out of nowhere and pushed the vagrants and us back. Then they blocked off the only tunnels into the inner section.
Hehe, there's no way anyone in the mining team is behind this... Operating a single unit is tiring enough, but a whole group? Hehe, Impossible.
No problem. Seele, and the rest of you — be careful...
I... I think it's hard to believe, but I've met that young lady Bronya. We didn't talk much, but she felt trustworthy to me.
Fidora's right. They saved lots of people at the mines... I think they can be trusted.
I can't thank you enough, Robin. These kids have made incredible progress in only a few days.
That's right.
Hehe, it seems you truly are a child of the Harmony.
Emma and Andy are orphans I took under my wing. Carol, there, with her blind eyes, used to work at a nutrition center in the outer ring of Penacony. And as for Gary, he's been living with autism since he was a child. They're not old enough to enter the sweet dream managed by The Family.
If we compare people to birds, these kids are like fledglings with impaired wings. But in this dream, they can fly freely. Even if they stumble along the way, they're still relying on their own strength.
And me? An old lady with no legs... Without this dream, I couldn't even walk toward them.
Don't worry, Robin. Dreams have their significance, but they aren't everything. Both the children and I understand this. No matter how long we fly through this dream, we will one day return to reality.
But you know what? Emma and Gary aren't plagued by their insecurities anymore. No — Carol is learning how to cope with her blindness. And Andy is livelier than ever. Well, even I've become more optimistic.
In dreams, we learn how to live. Once we return to reality... we learn how to survive.
Huixing went to the master diviner...
That's the price for one crate?
That's enough money for the Pershing, then...
How is it not even Thursday yet...
Building a dream is so difficult nowadays...
...A moment of Intellitron charming?
Now that's a big one...
When will I be free of this thing?
Apologies, Captain! W—We lost him during the pursuit. We can't find his footprints...
Silence! What kind of nonsense are you—
...You mean to say that this... white ball... That's here? That's our home? How can that...
But these people are—
It's the suspect and his accomplices! Arrest them!
Suspect! Relinquish your resistance!
Madam Cocolia, the monsters are surging this way! ...It's too dangerous here!
...Aghhhhhhhh...!
Miss Bailu, what are you doing in my pharmacy? Don't tell me you've already heard about Sanctus Medicus... Have you come here to condemn me?
I have never believed in the High Elder! You are unworthy of the condemnation you spout!
Especially you, Miss Bailu. You simply do not have the power of the High Elder — the power to summon the forces of nature... Why should I believe you are superior in any way to Master Dan Feng?
The Preceptors, our people... they think that the High Elder is the Vidyadhara's only savior. Arrogant, illogical! Have you seen what Merciful Medicus can do?
Precisely!
The Vidyadhara already have immortal bodies. What they should pray for is the ability to reproduce like the Xianzhou natives.
Merciful Medicus will help us to grow our population and bear descendants. They can do what the High Elder cannot.
One day you will come to know that I was right.
Apologies, you've come at a bad time. Our shop is closing earlier than usual today...
A foxian girl? Well, our bracelets and pendants are extremely popular among foxian customers...
*sigh* I knew it, nobody has time for jewelry in these trying times... A foxian girl you say? Let me think...
I did just see Miss Tingyun walk by. She's a big patron of ours...
Well that's Miss Tingyun! She's a big patron of our shop.
May I ask why you're looking for her? Surely she...
I should've guessed from your attire — you look like you're from another world.
Miss Tingyun sometimes takes intergalactic business delegates on tours around Starskiff Haven... In fact, I just saw her walk by, she was heading down the street.
Glad to meet you again, Robin! How are the preparations for the Charmony Festival coming along? We're all so excited about it!
You're too kind, Robin. It's a pleasure to have guests from all over the universe celebrating day and night!
I can't stand being lonely or bored, so this jubilant Dreamscape is perfect for me.
Nah, not at all! Who would get tired of having so much fun?
Every day, you get to wear fancy clothes, explore all sorts of dream bubbles, indulge in delicious food without gaining weight, and you never get old or sick... As long as you can afford a room, this place is the ultimate paradise!
That's exactly why I don't plan on bringing anything back! Just enjoying the dream itself is good enough for me! I mean, I'm not one of those long-living species. I only have around sixty or seventy years in this lifetime, and there's so much to worry about... Being happy here is pure bliss.
Only in this sweet dream can I truly feel like I'm in control of my life and fate... Who would want to go back to reality after experiencing this bliss?
And I wish you a fantastic performance, Robin! I'm off to the Blue Hour for the ball. See you later!
I humbly request your blessings, esteemed advocate of Xipe.
As you wish.
I have faithfully served the Alfalfa Family for nearly a decade, promoting the path of the Harmony to the best of my ability. However, I made a mistake yesterday. While I was preparing dinner for The Family Head, I accidentally dropped a prepared dish on the floor.
Out of laziness, I lied and claimed that everything was ready. Although the Head has dismissed me as punishment, it has been tough to sleep with the guilt still gnawing at me, as I worried that the seeds of evilness may have taken root in my soul. So, I confess to you now to seek atonement for my sins.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Praise Xipe. And thank you, esteemed advocate.
Curiosity killed the Charmony Dove.
Which one do you want? I have plenty here.
Yes... I'll bring you to her in a couple of days.
That lady is bawling her eyes out...
It's because all things come to an end.
Or let us follow you home...
I'll check it out, too!
The evidence of the traitor's crimes is hidden in the Grand Theater. Don't overlook anything.
Help!
Help! Help me!
They're everywhere—
Darn it! I can't believe I actually bought that Asta girl's nonsense about how the station is on a hiring spree!
No one's even watching the blockade, and now my old butt is blocked here too.
Darn the kids these days. They only know how to rattle my old bones...
Aaaah.
I want to hear more of your gossip...
Hehe, you fought well... you were fighting for your survival, after all...
I'll take that as my invitation to inhabit you for a while...
Oh, my delicious host, you taste so special... different from anyone else I've ever possessed. But what is this at your core? A Sun? Agh! It burns!
Argh, resisting are we...? Impressive willpower! How painful, how delectable!
You're different from anyone else I've ever possessed... but what is this at your core? A Sun? Agh! It burns!
Worry not, I have no interest in making you my home — I'll be gone before you know it. Let's get along while it lasts, shall we?
And what is this at your core? A Sun? Agh! It burns!
Never mind. I won't be staying for long, so let's get along while it lasts, shall we?
Calm down, brother Arlan — I know you're upset.
W—We're having a walk...
...So I'm the dog?
Oh, really? What coincidence — we're looking for him too.
That kid sure is brave — running straight to the scene on his own.
Ah, um... no! No danger. Of course, he's not in danger!
Ah, yes, well... Peppy isn't here, you see.
*sigh* Brother Arlan, I—I can't keep this up anymore.
Miss Robin...? That's the renowned cosmic superstar — Miss Robin!
I can't believe I'm actually meeting the real Robin... S-shouldn't you be preparing for the Charmony Festival?
But... are you sure it was actually a mishap? Everyone saw those chips descending like rain and the red light tearing through the sky. Claiming it was merely special effects seems a bit farfetched.
Plus, I met that generous gentleman. He looked really out of it and kept talking to himself. Is this also part of the performance?
Even if you say so, Miss Robin... It's hard to believe...
Miss Robin...?
...
Huh, what was I just doing? And who might you be, miss...?
...Do you ever talk about anything else? I'm so tired of hearing about Svarog.
...Uh...uh...
I...
Hm... I... hm...
...
Mm? *sigh*
...Here.
Right...
Tsk...
Do these people know nothing about the value of brand exposure? That's marketing 101!
Me? No, no, no, no, no, we've never met... Oh, are you wondering what's good to eat around here?
Well, I can help you with that — I'm known around here as the "forager" — I venture into all manner of culinary establishments to taste test their food.
The seller at this food stall won't let me do any taste testing because I'm not a "paying customer." Well, if they don't want free publicity, that's their loss.
Ah, with my discriminating taste as your guide, you'll never go wrong. Give the berrypheasant skewers or songlotus cake a try.
You're clearly not familiar with this line of work. Taste testing gives the restaurant publicity — that means a higher sales conversion!
...Ah, forget it. There are other food vendors here waiting for me to appraise them...
Hurry... just hurry up and... seal me in the darkness...
I've foreseen what happens next... you're going to imprison me...
I see through your trickery! I see through every bit of it!
I'm going to lose! Victory is beyond my reach!
Why... why is there no alternative?
Everything in this universe is predetermined!
No, I... I had no path to victory...
Aghhhhh! Don't let them trick you, Fu Xuan! Don't push me away! Don't let her words fool you!
This trashcan really suits me.
Are you really leaving?
When you bought these pieces of jewelry...
My dad is the best pilot ever!
Marbles? I wanna play too!
Bring us home...
Time is money.
If only I was taller...
Why, it's Miss Secretary. And who do we have here?
Good to meet you all... Miss Secretary, I heard you made a bet with the IPC... and if you lose you have to bark like a dog?
*sigh* Those outworlders from the IPC are the worst — how did you get bogged down with them?
Those dock workers don't want to take responsibility, and I'm afraid it's not our responsibility, either.
The IPC said that they would handle operations at Aurum Alley and promised to give subsidies to the vendors... I suspect they secretly told all the vendors not to use the dock for logistics.
The IPC wants to turn this place into a big logistics warehouse. By then, the food hawkers and used goods stores will have to move away...
Correct. The physical space will still exist, but the Aurum Alley we all know — its fragrances, its bustling tourists — will be nothing more than a memory.
With these routes in place, logistics costs will be reduced significantly.
At first, the significance eludes you, but gradually, this simple yet out-of-place melody seeps into your mind, saturating your senses, and eventually unfolding in your mind...
*Loneliness*, that is the emotion that resonates within you.
Try to capture his attention.
You approach the stage and clear your throat, but the pianist remains unresponsive.
You flick your sleeves and stomp your foot dramatically, yet the pianist remains unaware of your presence.
You open your mouth but ultimately decide against shouting anything, not because you realize your rudeness, but because you realize that it won't work.
The pianist is immersed in his own world, a realm of harmony and abundance, akin to the celestial bodies in motion and the ebb and flow of the tides — something beyond your disruption.
Leave in silence.
Save it! We treated you as our leader, but look how you treated us?
You sold the intel about the vein to Antonia, but we discovered it first! Now, we lost the mine and we have to work for those guys!
Well, nothing to say for yourself, huh? So you admit that you sold the intel to the mining team?
Little Hook? No, no, you have it wrong. It's your daddy who bullied us first. Ask him if you don't believe me!
Tsk, it's only because you have that detector. Let's see who's boss when we take it from you!
Well, I think someone needs to teach you a lesson. Guys, get him!
Tsk, another punching bag? Fine by me! I'll kick all your butts!
...Are you here to mock me too? Or are you seeking wise answers?
It's a long story. A long, long time ago, I angered Tatalov. I told him that even the most stable of nations has their day of decay, and even all the trash in the stars can eventually be counted. It is unclear which part of the sentence infuriated him...
...As punishment, he assigned me this role, demanding that I count all the trash in the city. Before then, I am to never issue forth my opinions.
Oh... it's rare for a can to be so straightforward. I do possess the "Proof of Trust," but now it's lost in the mountain of trash.
If you want it, work with me. I have counted the majority of the trash in this city, leaving only these three newly arrived cans.
Not bad, young can. You've proven yourself by your wisdom and patience... You deserve this Proof of Trust. I'll gift it to you.
I'm now old and frail, no longer able to fight by your side. Hopefully, my mind can still be of use to you.
Phew... These monsters are tough. I need to find those kids...
Uhh, kind of... There was one on its own — I managed to chase it away.
Speaking of which, you came from that direction, right? Did you see two little kids? A girl and her brother...?
Ah, thank goodness... I chased the monster too far and lost them.
What!? Quick! I knew I shouldn't have—
Thank you — all of you. I'm just glad they're okay... I can finally retreat as well.
I heard there's a powerful monster down the road — some kind of leader of the pack... I'd take caution!
██Stellaron█ ██ promises ██ █ Serval██ █...
██Gepard█ █Serval█ Landau ██ ███ █...
...██ █Landau██ █ █ stand down!
█There is no place for you█ ██the promised new world!
█Serval█S██erval █Ser█ v██ al██ ████ █...
█ ███Why█ █do you█ ██al█ways...
█ ██ have to██stand █ █ ██in my way ███ ██ █...!
Eh? Oh... it's you. You here to relax?
How many of you?
Show me your VIP card.
I'm talking about your friends. I've already seen yours.
No, I can't break the rules. Please go home if you don't have the card.
Sure thing, I'll deliver your message to her. Please wait here.
Here's the items you asked for. Miss Thunderbolt said these alone wouldn't be enough. She wanted you to have these Broken Dreams — she said do with them as you see fit.
Did you sneak in here? Well, what do you think? The real thing is much more impressive than what you see in the manual, right?
Not only is this place Penacony's most iconic architectural landmark, but it also has an important place in the history of the Dreamscape's development.
Even the Sweet Dreams Troupe's billboard lights up when it talks about this building. Visiting the Grand Theater is basically my dream come.
Well, if it weren't for the fact that the Grand Theater needs renovating, I don't think I could even get through the door. An opulent place like this exists in an entirely different world from me.
Just the thought of contributing to a place as magnificent as this makes me so happy.
It's just a shame that I can't stay here to see an official performance. I always stand somewhere outside and look at the theater every time a show is on.
Sometimes, I can hear some sounds. I don't know where they are coming from, but I imagine that they must be the reverberations of the performance...
Miss Bailu, are you okay? I was so worried.
It's me, Miss Bailu. I'm so sorry that I can't be your maid anymore, but I heard that a smart and talented replacement would be coming soon.
I refused a request from the Preceptors, so they asked me to leave.
Yes, I suppose you must have met her already? I hope she is more competent than I was.
The Preceptors are very fearful of you, Miss Bailu. They asked every maid to record your dreams and daily activities. And I did so, at first.
After a while, I felt that the Preceptors were asking this not out of concern for you, but for some malevolent purpose... so I stopped.
Good, good, then I needn't worry. They'll be assigning me to a different job soon — I hope we have another chance to see each other one day.
The world has truly lost its way...
You... Wait, I get it now! This is some sort of prank show, right? You must have some cameras set up around here to film yourself doing good deeds, right?
You youngsters are always looking for a quick way to get an audience, but you know what? A truly great show never comes easy.
Ah, I see! Another fearless youngster looking for death, huh? Well, let me give you a piece of advice. Don't think you're the first one who's ever thought of that idea.
Death? Not even remotely innovative. I bought it from Dr. Edward. He claimed it was some exclusive fancy-schmancy stuff... But what a disappointment.
The effects were awful. First, some monster covered in eyes stabs you in the gut, and then all you see are blurry glimpses of buildings and lights. The sky was spinning so fast it almost made me puke...
Yeah, what else can you expect? Don't put too much stock in the Penacony movie industry... They even call this junk "groundbreaking art," can you believe it?
Well you see, I... Bah, you haven't changed Serval. Still nailing us to the wall...
So... what brings you over here at this hour? And who are the guys behind you?
Uh... I didn't hear anything about the energy lines malfunctioning...
N—No, that's uh, not something I could handle...
Seeing as you're Captain Gepard's sister, it should be fine...
Okay, here are some temporary passes... Oh, and remember to give them back to me when you leave.
No, no, Captain Gepard hates all that under-the-table stuff. I'd have a better chance if you don't mention me at all...
The meandering lights faint, the shadows slumber 'neath the curtaaaaain ♪ on a downcast moonlit night... Hmm?
Hello, it's pretty here, isn't it? Look, out in the distance...
You see those Dreamweavers? It is they who meticulously selected beautifully-shaped shards from the shattered remains of reality, then painted them with their imagination and inspiration, finally weaving them into this city of dreams, steadfast and orderly.
Interesting, no? Like writing an elegantly compelling story — removed from reality, free but devoid of chaos, rendered even more exquisite by stripping down the disorderly impurities.
Ah... excuse my discourtesy for hogging the conversation. Hello, I am Claudia, a freelance novelist.
I hope I didn't make you uneasy just now. Please forgive me...
Thank you for your patience. Speaking to strangers is indeed a joyous activity.
I swear that was no movie shoot! So many chips fell from the sky, and I even caught one of them, but it vanished in an instant before my very eyes!
Hmm? Yeah, what about it... M-Miss Robin?! Am I seeing things right?
Oh. It was just... those chips you normally see everywhere, — the green ones, they fell from the sky, as if it were raining!
Huh? Miss Robin, you mean... those chips were all part of a performance? But I really...
I-I see! Then it all makes sense now. I'll do anything to help make the Charmony Festival a success!
This button is...
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone. I can't wait for your performance, Miss Robin!
It's you, Master Dan Feng! Why did you disgrace yourself!
You were my hero — I dreamed of being just like you — of joining the Cloud Knights... But you betrayed the hopes and dreams of the elders!
How many of us perished in that disaster and could not be reincarnated? And I... My leg was torn off by that abomination... Oh, the pain...
The doctors at the Alchemy Commission said I have to reincarnate as soon as possible to avoid affecting my immortal life... But my poor comrades have no chance of returning to the ancient sea.
You once told us that we should cherish every life cycle, and that you would use cloudhymn magic to heal our wounds... But in the end, all you did was betray us!
I will never forgive you. The High Elder's power belongs to the Vidyadhara of the Luofu — you are unworthy. The Vidyadhara must not sever the High Elder succession tradition just because of you.
Hand it over!
The Family promised they would protect the guests within the Dreamscape, but I witnessed a group of organic lifeforms making their way to the theme park, and soon after, a rip tore through the sky, and black rain started leaking out of the void.
The Family needs to provide a reasonable explanation, or I'll take my loved ones and return to reality. I thought the Dreamscape was supposed to be a paradise, if it's not, then there's no point staying here.
Miss Robin. I know the Bloodhound Family has already sealed off the theme park and has control over the situation, but it won't resolve the problem.
The Family can try their best to protect their reputation, but as a guest, I don't wish to gamble with my life.
...
I could stay here. But keep in mind, guests come to Penacony to enjoy the Dreamscapes. They do not wish to be entangled in a conflict between The Family and the IPC so, let's not have any more unnecessary incidents.
I could stay here. But keep in mind, guests come to Penacony to enjoy the Dreamscapes. They do not wish to be entangled in a conflict between The Family and the IPC so, let's not have any more unnecessary incidents.
Nothing to be worried about. There's been a small rehearsal mishap at Clock Studios Theme Park. Please stay calm...
Ah? I-I-I-I'm sorry! I've just been transferred to the Bloodhound Family, and I'm still not too used to working on the streets. I didn't realize it was you... I'm so sorry!
We've sealed off the theme park. Most guests are used to bizarre phenomena in the Dreamscape, and so far, no threats have been detected. We can expect order to be restored soon.
Actually, I was there shortly after it happened... Is it true that the IPC's ambassadors came with ill intent? And that Galaxy Ranger who easily cut through the sky...
Please be assured, Miss Robin, we take our orders seriously. We won't let those IPC cronies get away with this!
I can't believe I received a gift from Miss Robin... It feels like I'm dreaming! Wait — I AM in a dream!
I can't believe I received a gift from Miss Robin... It feels like I'm dreaming! Wait — I AM in a dream!
Hey, big sis Clara is back!
Me and my sister were playing outside — we heard some grownups talking about what they were going to do with the parts.
It seemed suspicious... They were acting all sneaky!
We hid in the shadows and waited until we heard them snoring...
Really? So we were a big help, weren't we? Awesome!
Did you hear that, Jackie? Mr. Svarog said nice things about you!
Look, from now on we have to do good things only — that way we can become Mr. Svarog's most trustworthy... uh — second most trustworthy friends, after Clara of course.
Hey! Are you a fool? You don't even recognize Miss Robin? Who do you think you're talking to?
Rest assured, Miss Robin, we'll intensify our patrols to ensure that no incidents occur.
Well...
Miss Robin, to tell you the truth, everyone has been talking about it. The myriad factions on Penacony have already been causing unease for everyone...
No wonder. So this is the main reason why the IPC staff are banned from entering the Dreamscape. Did they apprehend the troublemaker in the end?
If trouble comes knocking on our door, we're not afraid to go to war. Rest assured. The Dreamscape's peace will be protected by the Bloodhound Family!
If trouble comes knocking on our door, we're not afraid to go to war. Rest assured. The Dreamscape's peace will be protected by the Bloodhound Family!
I knew it was you by the sound of your footsteps.
You're leaving?
By the way, is Dan Shu okay? Me and my friends are worried about her... We haven't heard from her since the last time she delivered the medicine.
Oh, I understand. Making pellets must be very hard work — we shouldn't bug her.
When I grow up, I want to be a great alchemist like Dan Shu — making medicine and helping the incomplete ones!
Dead... What does "dead" mean? Does it mean, going to a really really really far away place forever and ever, and never coming back? Like my mommy and daddy?
So... Dan Shu will never come to see us again?
Hey, long time no see, Mr. Sunday! The most esteemed individual in Penacony and... the next leader of the Oak Family, right?
Sure, let's just get this over with. Ahem! I have sinned. Please forgive me! I wasted half a pizza at breakfast... and a bottle of SoulGlad.
That's it. Nothing more. Can we wrap this up? I've got a Roboball game to catch, you know?
My "sins"?! Starting to sound like a saint, eh? Let me tell you something — Neither The Family nor you have the right to judge me.
You think nobody knows what your precious Family has done? About the Watchmaker, huh? Don't kid yourself, feather-brain. Those Dreamchasers might be fooled by your act, but don't fool yourself.
Before you start spouting off your holy verses, answer me this... Where does the power of the Oak Family come from? And your power? What makes you think you can sit there, all high and mighty, looking down on everyone else?
Well, I've spent enough time in confession today to enter the Harmony's paradise, right? Then I'll take my leave. Good luck with your election, and... don't make me regret my investments in you.
If your "paradise" can save more people, sever my path with your hands.
O, fallen Aeon... may I honor you.
With this seven-day vow, I command you to heed my summon.
It was not you who created all things.
It was humanity that created you!
...Your divine being will become the foundation of our paradise!
By the solemn desire for Order...
Customers! Take your time, I've got plenty of good stuff here. Lots of nice gift ideas.
Yeah! Oh, wait, um... maybe not. Hmm, let me uh... search my memory for a moment...
Yeah! Oh, wait, um... maybe not. Hmm, let me uh... search my memory for a moment...
Ahem, if only business were better, perhaps my memory would start to improve... don't you think?
...Didn't see her.
Hey, I didn't force you to buy anything, did I? I was simply commenting on my memory. And now I remember that I didn't see your foxian lady... I mean, surely you don't want me to make up an answer and point you in the wrong direction?
Then you'll have to pardon my bad memory.
Please try to understand, sir. Backwater Pass has become very dangerous. We're just here for your safety.
We're optimistic — this area has only recently been corroded, so monsters are few and far between. Please, have faith in the Guards.
It used to be a transport hub... but it's been closed down.
Well, this is our duty as Silvermane Guards. We are responsible for the safety of the citizenry.
That's enough, the guardian has strictly forbidden discussion of Underworld affairs...
Please keep a safe distance, this is a live situation. Plus, we need to look busy.
...What? Madam, what are you saying?
On behalf of the Sky-Faring Commission, I am here to preside over the leasing dispute between the IPC and Aurum Alley Merchant Guild.
...That's enough, Representative Skott. Please state the IPC's side of the case.
Aurum Alley Merchant Guild, please prepare to make your opening statements.
The documentation provided by Aurum Alley Merchant Guild is true and credible, and according to the lease contract between the two parties, the Merchant Guild still holds the rights to operate the dock.
Next order of business — the Merchant Guild has accused Representative Skott of secretly sabotaging dock operations. Do you have anything to say about that?
If the evidence presented is true, Mr. Skott, then this constitutes improper business practices and the Sky-Faring Commission will conduct a follow-up investigation.
Tsk, what a clownshow. This arbitration is hereby resolved.
The person in charge of the courier cycranes here is a Vidyadhara — just like me. Her day has arrived — she's already headed to Scalegorge Waterscape to self-reincarnate.
I'll be handling her duties until her replacement arrives.
As a Vidyadhara, one's lifespan typically spans six or seven hundred years. At the end of that span, there comes a day when we journey to Scalegorge Waterscape and embark on a new phase through self-reincarnation. It marks a significant moment in our eternal life cycle.
Haha, don't be. The lifespan of a Vidyadhara typically spans six or seven hundred years. At the end of that span, there comes a day when we journey to Scalegorge Waterscape and embark on a new phase through self-reincarnation. It marks a significant moment in our eternal life cycle.
So, what can I help you with?
When it comes to classified matters concerning the Seat of Divine Foresight, it's best I keep my questions to myself. Here's the package.
Well, I'll let you get back to your business — I've got things I need to do attend to. See you, and take care.
Brother Arlan's special trial? He's a man among men, a lion among tigers! He's already reached great heights, but still he wants to improve!
I think it must have something to do with the mind. He probably found a waterfall and asked Ms. March to lower the temperature to freezing point!
That might be a metaphor too far.
I think brother Dan Heng is pretty smart.
I found a broken ceiling tile. This mark... it must be from where Brother Arlan smashed it down!
Brother Arlan doesn't need a reason to improve himself! You don't understand him at all!
He's just staying ahead of the game is all! He's the space station's coldhearted hawk, the Security Department's alpha wolf!
Sasha! My Sasha, is that you?
Praise the Preservation, my child. Praise THEIR leniency... And who's this little one?
My grandson... Is this my grandson? *sob*
That's okay, my child, we've got all the time in the... did you say "publisher"?
It's been more than ten years. I can finally see my little girl again...
She must have graduated by now. I hope she found a good job — government administration or legal consulting, perhaps...
Please, Amber Lord, anything but those terrible magazine publishers! She's always liked to read those pointless things...
"This place was once a place of confinement, but we will turn it into a haven of freedom."
"We've shattered the cages and expelled the guards! But... where shall we go?"
"Thank you for staying here, honorable travelers. However, not even you could banish the guards, though they are no longer in Asdana."
"Let's build another prison, not within the physical world, but within their minds. As long as we keep them imprisoned, they will always have a sanctuary."
"I hope you like this land of freedom... on a scorched earth."
"Prisoners! This is my order! Learn the essence of freedom and teach your fellow prisoners to fight for their lives!"
"No one can restrain you any more! You are free!"
The contest is about to begin. Do you wish to enter the arena now?
Please take this elevator down to the arena.
No problem. Just let me know when you're ready.
The grand final is about to begin. Do you wish to enter the arena now?
Please take this elevator down to the arena.
Good luck out there!
No problem. Just let me know when you're ready.
I say, what a wonderfully intelligent-looking young lady.
No need to be modest — at my age you get a feel for intelligence...
...though I confess I did hear someone say you were the shining star of the Department of Insight.
See this material here? People are so inconsiderate — how's someone like me supposed to make out the small print?
I'm not getting any younger and my eyesight is failing. Do you think you can...?
Oh, another smart-looking youngster. Wonderful — it's about time we had some new recruits.
Kiddo, what are you up to? Is there anything I can help you with?
Uh... Even the Cloud Knights are getting involved? Did you file a report or something?
Well, it's great that you all are willing to help. But we haven't actually figured it out what exactly is going on...
And while we were chasing her, we saw two of her! It really is a mystery.
I'm not even 500 years old yet! My eyes are as sharp as they come!
You're just hearing things. That red-haired girl is right — we're overworked to the point of exhaustion.
Fantastic. Well, we'll leave you to it.
Hah! I should get worker's comp for listening to you complaining all day. If you don't like the work, you can always transfer to the military.
"As for me... I shall forge new bonds of Kinship and liberate you from the clutches of death."
"Dear outsider, I beseech your aid in purging this mansion of the poison spread by the lurking instigators."
"I wish they could regain their reason and cast away the shackles of hypocrisy."
"Where are you headed, dear outsider?"
"Thank you, dear outsiders! My servants have regained their sanity."
"Heed me, one and all! Your former master shall not return! It is through righteousness and unwavering support for one another that we shall attain true perfection!"
"Cast aside the veils of hypocrisy! And embrace one another!"
Report? I haven't said a word to the Realm-Keeping Commission, let alone the Cloud Knights. People would think we were crazy if we reported this... There's something fishy going on — how did the Cloud Knights find out?
I can relate. We're no stranger to grunt work ourselves.
Uh yeah, just when we had her cornered, the Dragon Lady disappeared with a "bang."
That's what I was just saying! ...But can cloudhymn magic really do that?
Huh, you really get what we're up against... After this is behind us, I say we take a holiday and get rested up.
On that road there... and I swear I can hear a child giggling whenever I walk by. Must be the wind...
*sigh* Why does the Dragon Lady always have to run off... I swear they should be paying us extra for this...
Pack up your things.
Issue a letter of apology to the entire company!
I heard that the tall building over there...
If you ask me, I'd say it's impossible to catch them all...
Do you miss me?
I met a poet today...
They said in the fan group that they're already here.
There has come a day... that the merchants of Aurum Alley have betrayed me?
I won't give up the vision I've built for Aurum Alley, let alone step down from my duties.
...Madam Yukong, the present is always made from the past, is it not?
Mingxi, I would like to hear your thoughts.
I understand. I can accept Mingxi temporarily taking over my duties.
However, Mingxi must make her decision public, and win the approval of both myself and all the merchants. Since you have shown confidence, those terms should be acceptable to you?
You have to remember that even when you're acting in my place, a crisis is still imminent — you must earn at least the amount of the bidding deposit to even have a chance of thwarting off the IPC.
Finally... Finally I can get back to supervising the cable cars! I thought I'd spend the rest of my life in those mines...
Ah, it's you! The liberators of the Underworld! You're the first passengers we've had since being sealed off — it'll be my honor to get you to the surface in one piece!
Relax, relax! In all my 20 years on the job, there were only ever, uh... Anyway, none of them were serious!
*cough* So! Ready to climb aboard?
Brothers, sisters, ladies, gentlemen, boys, and girls of all ages — gather round! The cable car passenger service is about to restart!
No problem, this car won't be leaving without you!
So! Ready to climb aboard?
Hey, calm down!
Unauthorized personnel should keep their distance — it's dangerous here!
Is that... Sushang? And a judge... Why are the Ten-Lords Commission here?
Understood... Please, take mercy on him.
Judge Huohuo, is he... alright?
I'll take care of the Cloud Knight. You go after Yanqing!
Don't be foolish.
S—Stay back! Don't come any closer!
I don't know who you are, but you're not my Huohuo. Keep that filthy thing you're carrying away from me!
I—It's just a matter of time before it takes control of you...
The farther you stay away from her, the better.
I'm sorry, Huohuo, your father and I had no choice but to send you to the Ten-Lords Commission. It's best if you pretend we never existed...
Huohuo, our precious girl... Mom and dad shouldn't have left you all alone.
Huohuo, I'm sorry. It's better that you pretend mom and dad are no longer here...
...
...Who are you...?
...Who? And... who am I?
...Where's my husband... and where's my child...?
...Wh—Where are they? You... you know where they are, right?
...You don't know... they don't know... nobody knows...
Where... Wh—Where did they go...
What's wrong with her? Isn't it obvious? Her family were the victims of improper medical treatment, then she had a nervous breakdown...
*sigh* Oh sister, sometimes there just isn't a cure...
That Dr. Vache wasn't human... he was a devil in a doctor's coat!
I told her so many times not to believe in that medicine, but she...
Yeah... But don't think for a second he was any better than those medicine dealers at the mutual aid society. He was worse than they could ever aspire to be!
At least the mutual aid society doesn't hide the risk from the buyers. Vache gave that poison away to everyone for free... even the elderly and the children...
Argh, I hate them! I hate them all! How could they do this to my sister...
Hey, Yunche... If we switched the material for the aurumatons with whatever that crazy plant's made of, would that eliminate maintenance?
How could I leave? This is a novel engineering material... If I leave now I may never get another chance to conduct research on it.
It's no ordinary tree — the branches felt tough as metal...
Yunche, have you ever seen material like that before?
I was thinking about it, yeah. Isn't it just an ornamental tree?
So what if it moves? I just need to run over and saw off a sample. It can't grow faster than I can run, right?
Well, I... I—I've been feeling a bit under the weather lately. *cough* Yunche, you're the most agile person on the materials team! When it comes to operational efficiency—
...Young fool, how disappointing. Your accomplishments would have been limitless... but you were led astray by empty idealism.
None of that matters anymore. While teaching you, I studied your every move inside out...
...and now you wish to throw down the gauntlet. Very well. In your own image and with your own techniques, I will teach you one final lesson!
Impressive... I am bested...
Your swordplay, every stroke and sway — I've committed it all to memory.
Now, allow me to demonstrate...
...with merciless intent, how powerful I am.
Weren't their coordinates sent out from the space station...?
Weak heartbeat and pulse... March, you better do CPR.
Asta said that the Stellaron is stored in that room up ahead... and I'm guessing the Legion might also be interested in its whereabouts.
Who? March, you're being really weird today... Follow me.
March, wake up — we have to hurry.
Fu Xuan? Who's that? There's no time for daydreaming — the space station is in crisis.
Come with me.
We made a mistake last time, and we're working hard to rectify it now. We don't have time for anything else! Surveilling the IPC Executive Topaz, ensuring that she stays put at The Reverie hotel during her time on Penacony... We've got the right one this time!
...
Well? Spit it out! Stop bothering us if you've nothing important!
...Hey! The Security Officer instructed everyone to shut their traps before he returned from Dream's Edge!
W-What murder? You'd better stop spouting nonsense.
W-We have nothing to report. Please leave.
Hey, you two! Don't move!
Say the password or get out of here! This isn't any old shopping street, y'know!
...Wh—What's that supposed to mean? You'd best turn around and go home — we're busy handling the delivery of— Ahem! B—Busy handlin— um... executing official business. No loitering!
Huh? I... Y—Yes, that's correct...
Wait, did you just say... Mr. Norbert?
Who are you guys!? This whole operation the boss hasn't shown his face once. How could a couple of outsiders just walk in knowing his name?
Nice to see you again! Vaska at your service. If you need some help picking the right flowers, feel free to let me know.
Aww... Ball Peonies, is it? One second, I'll get it ready for you...
Hm? Sunshines, is it? One second, I'll get it ready for you...
Aww... Marquises, is it? One second, I'll get it ready for you...
Aww... First Snow, is it? One second, I'll get it ready for you...
There you go, sorry for the wait. Hope to see you again soon!
This place may not be as bustling as the main street, but it's got a good view, and the air is fresher too. And there are free crosstalk performances to listen to...
Hello, what a coincidence to see you here. How about a chat while we take in the sight?
No, I'm talking about those Dreamweavers. They're a fun lot...
You complain about my constantly changing requirements, I resent your deception in progress. We argue when our ideas don't align, and insults fly when our designs differ. Privately, grievances linger, and face-to-face, sleeves are rolled up for a confrontation.
It's just like performing crosstalk, these "artists" sure are artsy... Heh!
*sigh* Speaking of which, it's been a long time since I've gone back to the Luofu. I wonder if Back'n and Forth have come up with any fresh new routines...
Good luck figuring that out. All I know is that monsters have destroyed the power supply installations here.
The elevator is out of commission, so the people stuck on the floor below can't make it up.
There are plenty of backup power sources in the storage zone — right opposite, if I remember right.
Well, did you find the backup power source?
Phew, thank goodness you're here. Give me a moment — I'll give the elevator a little shake-up.
Alright, you can use it now. Be safe.
Ah, who would've thought downing forty bottles of SoulGlad back-to-back would feel like this. It feels... absolutely amazing!
I have to note this feeling down... You, over there, do you want to join the party?
Don't worry about me. I'm just a little... over-excited. Inside a dream, drinking SoulGlad doesn't harm your body!
Plus, I'm Dancy! I am Golden Hour's most legendary partygoer. You think a bit of fun is enough to take me out?
What party do you think? Golden Hour is one non-stop party! All you need to bring is a fun-loving spirit!
As for me, I'm the most legendary partygoer here, Dancy!
I remember you. Do you have any questions after reading the scam prevention guide?
...Perhaps, you've decided to join the Dark-Blue Scam Victims Association?
How could I not? Precious items from the History and Culture Museum have been stolen one after another, and the culprit remains at large despite the Silvermane Guards' noblest efforts to track them down...
I'll tell you the truth — I've been preparing to publicly accuse the person responsible for this whole thing for two days now!
Evidence? Who needs evidence? Let me tell you, there is only one person in all of Belobog who can do such a thing — that shameless blue-haired fraudster!
You guys are here to investigate the case? Perfect, I'll give you a list of the culprit's scams, too—
Hello. It looks like you're interested in one of our cars? These are all the latest models — don't hesitate to take your pick.
The public transport in the Dreamscape is becoming more advanced, and much faster than before. But... it feels somewhat boring to sit in those Spheroids, don't you think?
They're crowded to the point where you can't even find a seat during peak hours. I don't know if you've heard the recent news, but a few Pepeshi guests were also almost run down by one of these Spheroids while crossing the road.
It may sound negligible, but things would've been bad if someone really got run down. If you had your own car, you'd be saved from all these troubles.
I can guarantee that this batch of new cars has all undergone stringent quality assurance testing before launch, and they're absolutely safe. This is our after-sales record, feel free to browse through it — they're all highly rated to this day.
But they're more comfortable than Spheroids. For an esteemed guest like you, *chill and relax* is the name of the game when you're traveling. It'd be a waste if you're being bustled all about when you've come to the dream to relax.
Ready to sign the petition? Have any other questions?
...Ah, you mean the items that have been disappearing mysteriously from the History and Culture Museum? I heard tell.
I wonder if they got their hands on the original manuscripts of Tale of the Winterlands...
Oh, wow, that's a relief to hear. I didn't realize you were so passionate...
Well, let me think... the editorial department has been recruiting recently — the new editor intern was scolded by the editor-in-chief a few times, and then...
Sorry, these are all everyday occurrences... I really don't know of any noteworthy clues. Maybe you could try asking the other people around here?
A sip of liquor, a blissful reprieve... To drown a thousand sorrows, let worries leave... Hah, I know I have what it takes to become a poet...
Oh? You... you are giving... these gems to me? Didn't expect to meet such a generous soul in this place...
Or are you just pitying me? Well, it doesn't really matter... As long as I have... SoulGlad... that's enough. This is just a dream after all... Haha...
Oh! Hah, maybe I really should quit... but not before meeting... the Devil of SoulGlad...
Haha... yeah... It's a... seahorse... with a long neck!
They say... it loves to appear to drunk people... especially the ones... who are passed out on the side of the road! Hah! How funny...
Ah, new patrons I see! Looking for some refreshment at the teahouse?
Sadly there have been fewer and fewer bookings since the lockdown, so we decided just now to close the Sleepless Earl until further notice. We'll reopen once the Cloud Knights finish addressing their "security concerns."
Unfortunately yes, the boss is never far away.
No, no, my apologies, different foxian. If it's Miss Tingyun you're looking for, she was here a moment ago...
Ah, so it's Miss Tingyun you're looking for...
She ordered a cup of Immortal's Delight and went on her way. I saw her checking out the food stalls over there, that might be a good place to start.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Scorchsand Hall! This is where challengers thrive and Dreamchasers shine, all under the watchful eye of the entire universe!
If you have ambition, dreams, and the drive — dear friends, the next superstar of Penacony's Charmony Festival could be you!
Behold, here come four friends with spirits high and full of zeal! Are you aspiring to be the superstars of the festival?
Yes, you! There's no doubt about it. I see you have all the potential of a superstar in you!
Coming towards us now, is one of Penacony's top ten wealthiest tycoons, and the SoulGlad™ business empire's founder — Mr. Aideen!
Grab a bottle of SoulGlad™, and make your dreams a blast!
I'm still young. I don't wanna die!
When was the last time you came home!?
Today's, starskiff, is too fast...
I don't believe in ghosts...
Have you ever tasted someone in love?
I've decided to switch hosts.
Grab a bottle of SoulGlad™, and make your dreams a blast!
The Stage of Dreams, for those who dare to dream! Welcome to the School of Acting stage!
Step onto the stage and move the judges with your heartfelt performance! The next Cosmic Star of Penacony — could be you!
The champion's crown awaits you on the stage! Welcome to the arena of Action Stars!
Please make your way to the stage and vanquish those malevolent scoundrels with your dazzling fighting techniques! The title of Penacony's next big action star awaits you!
Let's give a round of applause to our aspiring young guests!
The path ahead is clear, Madam Guardian. You and your companions can proceed north without hindrance.
Understood, Madam Guardian!
Lady Bronya, Miss Pela, I have returned.
It took a little prodding, but a few of the more timid attendants started speaking up...
They say that Mr. Norbert was indeed leaving at odd hours recently. Whenever someone would ask where he was headed, he'd mumble something about going to the shopping street to "inspect the site."
The attendants think he might have a love interest — someone he doesn't want his family to know about — they haven't mentioned anything to the Minister of Transportation.
Yeowch!
My fine fellow, was that really necessary? Is crawling around in the snow a crime these days? I mean, c'mon, surely it doesn't warrant a spearing?
...But then again how can I blame you? I mean, I caught you off guard. It had to happen — you could even say I deserved it, huh? Besides, I've made a gallant group of new friends as a result, hehe...
...Is Captain Gepard around? H—He's an old buddy of mine...
Wait, you're not Silvermane Guards? Well, why didn't you say so? Turns out we're on the same side after all!
Pleasure to meet you, the name's Sampo Koski.
Would you be willing to support my performance, and keep the Song of Beauty alive in the cosmos?
Wow, how fabulous! But why would you give such a wonderful gift to a random stranger like me?
That's... incredibly kind of you. Thank you so much, sir. If you ever get the chance, please feel free to come by and indulge in my singing.
"Death?" That's... a pretty scary topic, and it doesn't really match the mood of this sweet dream.
Well, if you're up for some gossip... It's not about death, but there have been some rumors about a guest at the reality Hotel who fell into a deep sleep and didn't wake up.
It was like they were in some sort of coma. Nobody knows what caused it, but luckily, the customer eventually regained consciousness... Well, all customers are under the protection of The Family, after all.
Understand us, and you will own the chance to a swift and bountiful fortune. Trust us, and you will keep reaping rewards of the future.
We are dedicated to the creation of possibility for our clients. Alfalfa Bank — your most trusted financial partner.
Hey, it's been a long while! {F#Miss}{M#Mister}, remember me? I'm Keenan, from Alfalfa Bank!
I knew it was you! A distinguished and successful figure like you always stands out from the crowd no matter where you go!
Well, our Alfalfa Bank Credit Center has recently launched a new financial product. I think it's a perfect fit for you.
The annual interest rate is as high as 34.8%. It's stable, risk-free, and will make a great long-term investment. No transaction fee is charged. Are you interested in learning more about it?
There's no such thing as a perfect thing. There's always a flaw...
Hello, the night scenery's really a sight, isn't it? How I wish that time would stop, that we can forever live in this serene dream.
Hmm? Looking at your attire, I don't suppose you're from The Family? Let me guess... a guest who was invited here? A Dreamchaser who fantasizes about striking it rich? Or are you... going to surprise me?
...Liar.
Those who chase dreams come from all walks of life, but they all have one thing in common — their deftness in spinning lies. But I do not sense even a tinge of hypocrisy on you.
The more silver-tongued one is, the less they understand the joys of silence. Till now, you do not speak unless spoken to. I reckon you aren't the gab-gifted, fomenting sort?
Hey, what brings you here, Rich? It's been so long!
It's all taken care of. As long as the money's there, it's all good.
Here's the account you asked for. It's legit and secure, allowing you to connect straight to the intranet.
You flatter me — I'm just a peddler doing a little business on the side.
Small-scale — best left under the table... but if you ever make it big in the Guild, don't forget your humble friend, okay?
We meet again. Are you here for a vacation this time? Feel free to take the seat next to me and have a break.
...Oink?
Oink... Grunt, oink?
Oink! Oink oink!
Oink? Oink, oink... Grunt!
Oink! Oink, oink!
Oink... Oink! Oink!
That trial... I bet it's even more intense than physical training! And brother Arlan already challenges himself to the limit in that department — he runs 21,358 meters around the space station every day! An eagle among wolves! Always so hard on himself!
No way! Brother Arlan's trial wouldn't be as simple as just standing under a waterfall! I think he wants to learn fighting skills from Ms. March.
Brother Arlan runs like a horse and fights like a bear. I think that's a great metaphor!
Brother Arlan only has that one weakness in his armor, but he won't ignore it! He's too awesome for that!
Move aside. What kind of clue is that? This floor tile I found is way better! Look at the footprint — it's the right size, not to mention the angle of motion... This is proof of brother Arlan in combat!
Brother Arlan is a fierce fighter with an eye for detail. If you don't understand his reason for doing things, maybe that's because you're too zoomed in.
You want to talk to me? Sure, but nothing too sensitive, okay?
Wealthy people have fancy ways to enjoy this dream, but to be honest, I've never seen anyone who gives out money to others like you.
So, are you trying to be the prince from the tale, handing out his gold-leaf garment and melting his lead heart in the fire?
Another curious soul, I see. Well, that was actually the topic I was most into when I entered the industry, but my boss shut it down.
Well... She simply said, "Covering baseless urban legends like that would make us look like some third-rate tabloid."
I thought about it, and she had a point... Reporting on stuff like blowing out birthday candles and getting spooked by nightmare ghosts... isn't exactly professional material.
Hmm... Were you wanting to talk to me? Sorry, I thought you were checking out something behind me.
Is this... a gift for me? Are you sure this isn't some kind of mistake?
Is this for real? Someone is actually giving me a gift? Not for my parents, but for me... Thank you, thank you so much!
...Ugh, I knew it. What's on your mind? Are you trying to ask about my father, or my mother?
Oh, you sound just like my father... Always warning me about danger even in dreams.
He's an Intellitron, so his dream entry methods are different from us organics. Can't count on him to protect me if something does go haywire. Funny, right now I'm still under his protection... Heh, how ironic...
Welcome, Miss March!. Who might these be?
Haha, I see, another poor guy who accidentally ended up here. I'll take care of him.
There have been a lot of new faces lately. Things must be tough in the beautiful dream. *sigh* The few remaining havens of freedom in Asdana will soon face trouble...
Not really, but they're becoming more frequent now. Guess it's one of the signs of the sweet dream's collapse.
This man has had quite the shock. Could you help me find a Halovian lady, March? Her songs can heal mental wounds.
There have been a lot of new faces lately. Things must be tough in the beautiful dream. The few remaining havens of freedom in Asdana will soon face trouble...
Nat... Nat! Is that you? Oh come here, my darling...
...It was three years ago, Nat. No need to be sad... he passed away very peacefully.
It's not your fault that they sealed off the passage between the surface and the underground. Don't be so harsh on yourself, daughter.
There's no need to apologize, my child... I've heard of your deeds down there and I know you've saved many lives. Your father... he would be proud of you.
We have many connections in the medical academy. No matter what you need, be it medicine or data, I should be able to get it for you.
Be the doctor you always were, Nat. We have all the time in the world to catch up later...
Stay away from us, monster!
Blame that freaky tail of yours! No one else has a tail that catches fire! Get lost!
Playing dumb? Don't wanna talk? Ugh!
We shouldn't be talking to a monster, anyway. Let's get out of here.
Huohuo, I've always dreamt about having such a cool tail. Why don't you come play with me?
This tail is just so creepy! It glows like some sort of torch, gross!
A—Are you... a Silvermane Guard?
Silvermane G—Guards and Wildfire are working together now...?
Oh, Civilians... Ah! I saw a girl run out from our defensive position just now!
My brother went after her, but they haven't come back...
Thank you! Please bring them back to safety!
O—Okay! Thank you for saving us!
Say, the officer that you were speaking to... was that Gepard Landau?
Argh, I knew it was him — I wasn't brave enough to go over. I should've tried to stop him.
Captain Gepard is wise and decisive, and of noble birth... I'm sure he'd help me.
What do I make of him? Why, he's a captain of the Silvermane Guards — not to mention of noble birth! I mean, he's a Landau!
If I could just find a way to tell him about my situation, I'm sure he'd help me.
*sigh* I'm getting ahead of myself, I already missed my chance... back to the queue I guess.
She went that way. Get her!
Don't even think about running away, you stowaway!
Hey, look! She has an accomplice!
S—Sir?
Don't you know him? Look at his brown hair and gray vest. He's the officer sent here by The Family to maintain order at the Charmony Festival.
Yes, sir!
I'm about to start dreaming. I can't wait...
There's too much to see in the dream...
I don't know where to begin.
Can you make a custom dream about going to the moon?
SoulGlad doesn't rot your teeth...
Grandpa and grandma both love it...
...Are you a newbie? I haven't seen you around the Dreamflux Reef before.
You. What's your name? Where'd you come from? Why're you here? Don't try anything funny, my bandit dagger has seen enough liars and they've all got what was coming for them.
No. What's that? I've heard of Galaxy Rangers, Street Lamp Man, Trashcan Man, even Billboard Man... I've never heard of this Baseballer. Are you just making this up?
I know dreams are full of random objects that move and talk, but I've never seen a baseball bat before.
Hah, a fine question.
When I first got here, I tried picking up my old profession. But it didn't take me long to realize that I couldn't take any of the stuff I pilfered back to the real world. So, what's the point of taking that risk?
Master, stand back. Let me handle this.
But...
...Yes, master.
Master, we should leave now.
Master, you must stay out of harm's way. Let us handle this.
Master, we should leave now.
Wow, a rare honor.
No, I meant Qingque. I didn't expect to see her here during work hours.
A rare honor.
Yes! The master diviner rarely allows outsiders — she likes her peace and quiet.
If you want to see the master diviner, head straight to the Matrix of Prescience.
They're short of hands — the master diviner is run off her feet and the Cloud Knights stationed there are driving away evil spirits. I don't know when they'll be done.
Miss Black Swan, Mr. Sampo: you're finally here! I am the famed detective of Penacony, and next to me here is my assistant detective.
Yesterday, my assistant and I were visiting the famed artist Miss Sparkle, and we stayed the night. But this morning, Miss Sparkle didn't come out of her bedroom.
The butler, Zhongshan, said that the door was locked from inside, so he ought not to have disturbed her... But Miss Sparkle had never slept in so late, and no matter how hard he knocked, there was no answer from inside.
The room was covered in spattered blood! Miss Sparkle's body was lying right in the middle, her face as white as snow. One look told me she'd been dead for some time...
Besides us and Zhongshan the butler, Lefton the cook and Wright the driver were also at the scene of the crime... What would you like to do?
Wait up... wait up!
...So bitter... yuck.
...Bitter is bitter! If it tastes like that, it doesn't really matter how good for you it is.
March? Long time no see... How's everything been going since you left Belobog?
The Express never looked back, it headed straight for the other end of the galaxy... because that was its fate. The same goes for us — we can't return to the past.
March, don't dwell on the past, it won't do you any good. Trust me.
Seems like you don't trust me.
Y'know, Ziming, I say we focus on surviving today for now.
Don't pay attention to my silly fellow apprentice... I—If he's set on staying here, I can't exactly leave him here alone, can I?
What if I have — you gonna go get a sample for me?
Have you ever seen an ornamental tree move? Have you ever seen one bore through the ground like that?
Sure, go ahead. Here's a crowbar and a saw! Don't say I didn't warn you when the Cloud Knights have to scrape you off the walls.
Under the weather!? How convenient. As for me — I'd rather stay alive, thanks!
Run! She's... a Disciple of Sanctus Medicus!
Hurry... leave here...
I can't control myself anymore...
Don't waste your time. They've "converted" me. I don't have much longer...
Go... The master diviner's troops are ahead...
...
We're engaging the main borisin fleet this time. Don't get too excited.
Oh, shut it. I think you're just excited because you haven't flown with me for so long. Did you miss me?
You bet. Sure it's exhausting, dangerous, low-paid, hehe — plus you only get back to the Luofu a few times a year...
...but given the choice, I'd always pick this...
...I guess I already touched the sky.
Thank you, Yukong — I've had a good life... but please... don't let Qingni walk the same path... Don't let her... become a fighter pilot...
...
...B—But you brought me over here. My grandma's just over there...
...Th—That was really brave of you! I hope I can be half as strong as you someday.
Ah! It's that brave girl!
Can we buy the teddy bear at the auction, grandma?
Grandma's the best!
...This is... Why is there a robot here?
Oh... I see. Let's start. We must unearth the doctor's research conclusions — all of them.
Mm... good. That'll do.
Ah... It would seem a great waste to destroy it. Find someone to reset its system and then arrange for it to be sent to the Underworld. I hear that the development group is in need of a robot with defense capabilities.
I'm sorry, doctor... but these results must be taken care of by the Architects.
One day, somebody will be able to carry out your behest.
Just look at this world. It's so boring, through and through...
I don't mean to criticize, but I have to say that all the challenges were so stupid that they barely took any skill.
The "School of Acting" stage, the "Gunfire" trial... they're just boring fillers used to speed things up and make even killing time seem boring.
Take my homeworld for example: Punklorde. We once put on an enormous offline treasure hunt that perfectly integrated adventure gaming with real-life puzzles. The design was perfect.
Do you know who the winner of the great treasure hunt that day was?
Er, fine. That's okay. I can tell just by the look on your face that you'd love to know.
You saw it, right? What happened to the Artisanship Commission?
Did someone overfeed their houseplant or something?
How could I desert the Artisanship Commission in its time of need?
As expected, the divination was correct.
If I hadn't repaired the Shifting Screen today we'd all have been trapped — we'd be fertilizer by now.
Still, the teleportation range wasn't enough...
Clara, get away. This is a Fragmentum creature. It's extremely dangerous.
Request approved. Reanalyzing...
Reanalysis complete. The original assessment stands. This is a Fragmentum creature, and is thus extremely dangerous.
I am on a standard patrol mission. I have not received any other orders from the network hub.
Please step back. I shall eliminate this Fragmentum creature...
Hostility detected. Commence elimination protocols.
Everybody ready? Alright, Blite, you're up first...
Hmm, not bad, not bad... That's it, then. Wonderful! ... Er, no no no! Storsen, what are you doing? It's not time for the crescendo yet!
Ack, Lorraine! Why are you making that noise again? Please, pay attention to my conducting! ... *sigh* Enough, forget about it. That's all for today! We'll rehearse again another day.
...Talking to myself? No no no, I was just... rehearsing with my family members.
Alone? Haha, no no no... I was rehearsing together with my family members.
Thank you, beautiful stranger. I am the Trashcan Prince, and my father was assassinated by Tatalov, and I was cursed into becoming a trashcan. You saved me from internment.
I shall offer everything I have — my body, my soul, my life, even my trash bags — just to repay your kindness.
There are many cans who compliment my beauty, but I am not familiar with the name of which you just spoke. The only knightly order in this kingdom is the "Goldsteels," each of whom is a noble and respectable can of the highest order.
I will. I will stand with you and ignite the rising smoke of rebellion until the kingdom is saved from absolute peril.
You have earned my confidence. I wish for you to accept this item and my heart as a token of my sincere gratitude. I will fight for you, O glorious soul.
The tea service at Goethe Hotel is first-class... especially this Whale-Tide Spring... They say that an Architect once used the Preservation's power to make camellias bloom on the snow plains, and that this tea is made from those leaves.
Bitter tea is good for your health!
There's an old saying in Belobog: "Blessed is he who can eat the bitterest of the bitter."
What an excellent cup of tea! It's a pity not everyone can appreciate its beauty...
...much like the gift of forgetting, Miss March. It's bitter at first, but with a gentle aftertaste.
Take care, my friend. If you ever find yourself in danger, remember that the Hounds are always ready to help.
...
You don't look good, my friend... If you need assistance, I can contact the hotel and have them wake you up forcefully.
Alright then. If you ever need help, don't hesitate to reach out to us Hounds.
Stowaways? How could there be stowaways in Penacony? We've never had anything like that before.
I—I'm sorry! I didn't mean to scare you all...
Th—The monsters invaded the mine! Please, you have to save my friends!
Otherwise, those things will t—tear them apart!
The Great Mine! The one with the b—big ore vein...!
P—Please, help my friends!
Huohuo's tail is all singed! It looks like a giant sparkler!
Huh? Trying to make us feel sorry for you? I can't stand people who do that!
I heard your parents don't want you anymore — YOU should be the one feeling sorry.
Huohuo, I'm sorry... I was just jealous that your tail is cooler than mine!
Why does Huohuo get so much attention!? Hmph, I'm gonna get everyone to ignore her...
Hey, you two! That's a place of business. No entry!
Oh, I remember you... Veritas Ratio. Your "Punch Virtual Particle Clock" is impressive.
The one on your head! Of course, it's nothing compared to my... full pocket-dimensional annihilating power armor of the "Mobile Knights."
That's because you can't see it! Like I say, only {RUBY_B#Member of The Family}Family{RUBY_E#} can see the glory of the "Mobile Knights." Enough, get going. Don't keep Mr. Sunday waiting.
Enough, get going. Don't keep Mr. Sunday waiting.
In light of the events that have transpired, we will be taking the following disciplinary measures against you.
Your rank will be demoted from P45 to P44, with corresponding adjustment to your basic salary. All bonuses for the current cycle will be revoked, including stock options and performance bonuses.
You will also need to submit an additional report regarding this incident to Diamond. If you have any objections to this penalty, you may also file an appeal in writing.
Understood. Is there anything else anyone would like to add?
If there are no further remarks, this meeting is concluded.
Is this second-hand radiometer for sale?
Turns out there are creatures like that underground...
Is the old space bandit hiding here?
Amateurs...
After I escaped from the Furnace...
Argh, darn it! Quick, disperse!
Pff! We ain't stupid! Why would we risk our lives against the robots? And get off the high road — you can't just find a huge chunk of Geomarrow and hog it all to yourselves!
Where does disgrace come into it when we can't even fill our stomachs, huh!? I know your game — you're just waiting for us to starve to death, so there's more food for your mining team.
Hehe, right, right... we can't rely on the vein anymore... But don't forget which side brought loaded guns to the party.
Haha, empty threat! Wildfire are stuck dealing with Svarog's minions — how are they gonna help you now? Unless you're planning on taking a bullet, hand over the supplies and equipment!
The Charmony Festival is about to start! I'm so excited!
Well, I didn't come all the way here specially for the festival. Honestly, I don't really even know what it's about, but I heard it's a lot of fun.
Oh, come on! The Charmony Festival is a once-in-an-Amber-Era event. How can a birthday party compare?
Unsettling things? What could possibly go wrong? It better not ruin the Charmony Festival. I've been looking forward to it!
Don't enter the dream with such a utilitarian agenda!
In the first year of the AE 2158, a fiery conspiracy erupted in the Land of the Dreams, but soon faded in chaos and destruction.
Whispers carried the tale of those fateful 48 system hours, when a sun teetered on the precipice of collapse, a paradise stood on the brink of destruction, and a world was poised to surrender to its new master. Amidst it all, a body decayed, a pack of vultures gathered, and a brother and sister were doomed for eternal separation.
And so, an Aeon succumbed to slumber once more. Some celebrated this fall, while others mourned. Among the insignificant witnesses, mere specks in the vast tapestry of the universe, it was said that this time, the Aeon met THEIR demise with dignity.
As the Cosmos bathed in the radiance of a pure dawn, a tempestuous storm brewed on the horizon. The chant of "Everything for the Amber Lord" grew ever louder. Yet, no matter how one contemplates it, time inexorably swings Qlipoth's colossal hammer in eternal cycles.
The tale of the Astral Express reaches both its conclusion and a new beginning. Time marches forward, heralding the arrival of a new chapter in the history of Trailblazing expeditions.
Where are you going, Legwork? It's time to head to our next stop.
I see... This place reminds you of home?
Yeah, I knew you wouldn't stay on the Express forever. Leave in peace, my friend, and take this with you.
When he departed, he said he would leave it to his best student. Well, I suppose the time has come.
Farewell, Legwork. Take care of Tiernan and Razalina, and don't forget to... write to us.
Greetings, I'm Coty of the Bloodhound Family, Head of Security for the hotel. How may I assist you?
Umm... what do you mean?
I'm not sure where you heard those rumors, but they're completely baseless. I can assure you, as a representative of the Bloodhound Family, that everything is going smoothly for the Charmony Festival.
At present, all the Families are focused on making sure the festival starts on time. Even the Dreammaster himself has arrived. So don't worry. Your trip won't be in vain.
Please be patient as you await the festival. The Family will spare no effort to ensure your satisfaction.
Where are you going, Mikhail?
Wait, first tell me, did you fix this watch?
I know what it looked like before. Its chain was broken, the back case torn, and the marks on the dial all worn out... How did you manage to fix it?
I see, you'll work with me from now on. Haven't you always wanted to tinker with this train? You're its mechanic now. As for the conductor, I'll do the talking.
Don't worry, you've got what it takes. I'll teach you what you need to know.
"...Welcome to this sad world, Kakavasha."
"Your good luck is the most precious wealth we— all Avgin have."
"— You came out alive after two days. It proves that you are the real deal."
"Wealth, status, power... the IPC will give you whatever you want, even what you don't want."
As for us, we will reunite in Kakava's next aurora.
My friend, please allow me a moment. I would like to interview you — Are you familiar with "anime"?
Oh... I used to think I understood what anime was but recently, I can't seem to tell... Just exactly what IS anime?
You? An anime expert? It's not that I am underestimating your knowledge. It's just that no one in Penacony is more fitting for the title of anime expert than I... It's just that now, even I cannot understand what anime is anymore...
What a strange thing to say. How could I be an anime character? Anime characters are all either cool or cute. You think I live up to that?
I originally came to Penacony to expand my outlook as an anime artist but... I find that I have fallen into confusion and no longer know what anime even IS anymore...
Stop looking down on Master Capote! He's not the kind of person you think he is!
Even if you promoted Master Capote to acting lead researcher, he wouldn't tell you about the trial!
No need to bother Master Capote! We'll fix this injustice for you ourselves!
Wait, Master Capote! Don't impart your wisdom to this person. They don't deserve it!
Leave it to us, Master Capote!
*sniff* Oh, Master Capote is so considerate...
*sigh* Master Capote is so courageous... We're so lucky to be his fans...
Yes, the part about not yielding... It's making me tear up! *sob*
*sigh* Master Capote is so courageous... We're so lucky to be his fans...
Yes, the part about not yielding... It's making me tear up! *sob*
It's time to switch posts, buddy.
Shipping data...
Is that guy working today?
Is it better to be human or to be heliobus?
Can't you just do something serious for once?
That's right... that's right. "The resentful spirit's senseless obsession turns into a tangible hand, and the shadow of the old disaster will conceal the heavens!"
That's exactly what was written on the Mystic Scroll of Aeons. It refers to the followers of Nanook the Destruction using antimatter to create a galactic weapon of war.
I didn't think I'd be fortunate enough to witness... hehehehe...
Oh, have you also come to witness the power and miracle of the Aeons? Then go over there, there's a good spot right there.
Beware of any interferences from your mortal body when observing... you must seize every detail. When an Aeon appears, even the tiniest trace must not be missed. Hehehe...
More customers? You're a sight for sore eyes these days. So, what do you have in mind? I'd recommend our prawn crackers.
A foxian lady. She ordered a songlotus cake and went on her way.
So you know each other! She ordered a tuskpir wrap and went on her way.
Berrypheasant skewers, tuskpir wraps, steamed puffergoat milk... Oh, a foxian lady just ordered a songlotus cake — they're great too.
She was just here, give me a second... Oh, she was heading towards Stargazer Navalia — that's my guess.
Curious timing for a visit to Jeweler's Pagoda... Hm, your faces... no sadness or misery. I take it you're not here to pawn anything?
Well, we're a pawn shop — we see plenty of customers. But let me see if I can recall the lady you're looking for...
Well, we're a pawn shop — we see plenty of customers. But let me see if I can recall the lady you're looking for...
I remember, she walked past my shopfront and headed over to the food stalls. I'd recommend asking over there.
Do come back when the Cloud Knights finish their business.
Pleasure to meet you, Trailblazer of the Astral Express.
It seems my intel was spot on. You do have a rather... humorous manner of speaking.
When I was a kid, I kept asking folks from my parents' generation to tell me tales of the Nameless' cosmic adventures. You were basically my childhood heroes... I never imagined I'd be able to speak to you face-to-face like this.
Ah... Unfortunately, The Family needs me. I still have a mission to do. If it weren't for that, I'd leave this job in a heartbeat and travel with you on the Astral Express.
Ha, looks like you are the real deal — Congratulations, you are no longer under suspicion.
Yanqing? Why are you all the way out here on the front lines? Shouldn't you be back at the Seat of Divine Foresight?
Correct. After this "Blade" escaped from The Shackling Prison, he disappeared into thin air. I wonder if he's even still on the ship?
*sigh* What foul demons found their way across the stars to wreak havoc on the Luofu?
Is that so? I didn't receive any orders from the general.
...Then shall we dispatch a few knights for this "operation" of yours?
I... I wholeheartedly confess to you... Please, pardon my sins!
Oh! Oh, great... you know, I... I arrived in Penacony as a stowaway. I sold everything to get a ticket... my house, my land... and... my two children...
My children were starving, and I hoped they'd have a chance at survival if they became slaves here. If... if I can strike it rich here, I'll lift them out of that situation... and give them the life they deserve...
But, but, the Bloodhound Family got wind of it. They're on my tail... hunting me down... I thought I could bring my kids here! It was all my fault... all my fault...
Thank you, thank you! I'll work my hardest to redeem my children and make them part of The Family... P-praise the Harmony!
Ah, {F#beautiful lady}{M#handsome gentleman}, welcome to Penacony! Excuse my boldness, but have you seen my love around here?
My identity is not important, {F#miss}{M#sir}! Am I a salesman that happens to resemble a billboard, or a billboard stuck in the role of a salesman?
I am neither. I am just a {RUBY_B#Lovestruck Billboard}poor Dreamchaser{RUBY_E#} tirelessly searching for the lover of my dreams.
My love, she is the treasure of Penacony, the brightest star in the crowd, catching everyone's attention — That's right, not even a billboard is exempt!
Ah... She is unforgettable, but I haven't seen her for such a long time...
No, no, no! You can't insert the microcrystalline unit into the heat sink substrate like that.
If you believe a word that senile idiot Balaway says, you're done for. The last time he acted on his own advice, he electrocuted himself.
You should be asking people with real smarts. No one is better at fixing machines than Marev.
I saw him connecting a microcrystalline conductor unit to a logic control hub to get a vibrating drill to work.
Ahh, you're just salty, my friend!
Protocol... Inish-nish-nish-nish-nish...
Initialization failure. Attempting system restorashhhh...
System restoration failure. Core module damaged. External threat detected.
Threat elimination activated. Initializing combat module.
...Certification system online. Please extend your right hand.
Freeze! Come over here, to me. This is a Pepeshi-only club. Are you a Pepeshi?
Ha. First time anyone's tried pulling that one on me. Feet together, back straight! No bending your knees!
That's over the height limit by the length of three Pepeshi canes. And you still dare to say that you're a Pepeshi?
Because the Pepeshi ARE a great people! We're the most intelligent race in the whole universe, as well as the most hard-working and energetic! Smart, motivated, sincere, friendly — we're completely different from creatures who only know how to show off their height!
...My apologies, but you're not welcome here! Please get out.
Big sis Clara...
And then, and then — we quietly dragged away the boxes with the parts in, a—and gave them to Mr. Svarog...
*whimper* W—We were just trying to help...
H—He said nice things about you too...
O—Okay, I'll do my best...
Easy now. The item in question is extremely dangerous. It's understandable that our friend here wants to take extra precautions...
Pu'er, give him the money. Happy now? Ready to hand it over?
Yes, you will... permanently. Pu'er, get rid of him.
Selling a dangerous item to me makes you my accomplice, and I've got too many of those. To keep our little secret safe, I'm afraid I need to take special measures.
Darn it! This isn't over!
...Extras! Hey, extras? Where's the extras for the next item?
I'm so angry, just livid! I hired a small army of executive directors just for this little skit. I never thought that they'd all be useless good-for-nothings scratching each other's backs while they do nothing all day!
...What are you staring at? Hang on... Don't tell me you're one of the extras those losers hired?
Why is it just you? Where has everyone else gone?
Oh, you sure talk a big game. Let me tell you something: As long as you're getting paid a daily rate of 1200 Alfalfa credits, I don't care if you're Aphrodite herself — you're still just a lowly extra!
Dzz... Dzz...
Intruder... Detected...
Eliminate... Eliminate!
Intruders... Violate... Protocol...
Terminate...! Protocol...! Eliminate!
...What's going on? The fan's too loud.
Got to hand it to engines made with old-gen tech. Feels very different when it's running, very smooth. Like a starwhale's song. A bit louder than usual, but that's not important — as long as the model's compatible, heat dispersion and noise reduction aren't problems.
Greetings. You've been standing there for a while. Interested in old machines? I've got everything you need. Feel free to browse.
That's the earliest prototype. Barely usable, it can't be found on the market now. It's touted to be able to crack some special encrypted data. Some man in a flowy white robe wanted to buy it off me, but I refused.
This... I remember removing this off some early-era game cartridge. Virtual tech didn't exist at that time, so if you wanted to play a game, you'd have to stick this in a game console. There was some physical sword that rolled out and promoted at the same time — a pity no one knows its whereabouts.
Where did you hear that? What is a Geomarrow Probe exactly?
Oh, who cares about that probe thing. There's a teddy bear at the auction that looks pretty valuable...
...Him? I think he went back into town.
He came here saying he wanted to buy the Geomarrow Probe, but then he changed his mind for some reason and ran back to Boulder Town alone.
I don't know him all that well. Why don't you just head into town and look for him?
During his life, this was Dr. Mearsheimer's personal robot bodyguard. I heard it's a prototype from the great war.
Since the doctor and his assistants passed away, it's remained here. It hasn't moved an inch.
Madam Guardian, I've found them... All the documents are here.
Madam Guardian, what should we do with the robot?
Yes, madam.
History? Gunn, this is the first time I have witnessed the space station in such disarray.
Home planet? My home planet? ...I do not understand what you are saying.
It's been a long time. How may I help you?
It's my honor to answer your questions. Please contact me anytime if you have any further inquiries.
Sheila's smile seems never-changing. You try to talk to this beautiful guide.
I'm starting to miss the fragrant brew I tasted yesterday — cool as a fresh stream, and that honeyed liquid was akin to molten gold or the color of the sun itself...
This mundane job is too boring. How should I spend my time today... Eh?
Oh look, such a lovely-looking customer in such a forsaken place... What can I do for you, darling?
To astutely utilize my work hours and organize my own work attitude... Or more bluntly, to find time to slack off at work and relieve my boredom, darling.
Ooh, I didn't mean to offend. I apologize. It's just a force of habit. You can just take it as my way of a friendly greeting.
Did you hear? Those idiots got into a fight in the mine, haha! It only got settled after Boss Svarog showed up.
I've said it before — only Boss Svarog can protect us down here. Everyone should follow his lead.
Well, what do you think? Cat got your tongue?
B—But it's true. What else is there to say? Take a look at all these good-for-nothings... They'd starve to death without him.
The people will struggle to accept this conclusion, doctor. If we were to tell them that the almighty Alisa Rand activated this thing and triggered the Eternal Freeze...
...I have never doubted you, doctor. On the contrary, I am resolute in the face of this conclusion.
From the moment I took up this mantle, that voice... their voice — has made its home in my mind. I cannot shake them.
...I shouldn't be telling you this — let's return to your research, doctor. I'm afraid I cannot make these reports known to the public. Unless...
We need to prepare...
Those robots are always working...
I want to follow that "sage."
I feel like a zero...
...Miss Secretary, just tell it like it is.
Hey, hey, hey, don't get any funny ideas about laying people off!
Even the president hasn't been able to solve anything — is this short-lifer really up to the job? *sigh* At this point, I guess we've got nothing to lose...
Impressive... but if you ask me, inventory efficiency isn't enough to save us. If Heron Express doesn't deliver the goods, then they're just gonna sit around collecting dust.
He said the exact same thing when he promised Captain Arlan.
I'm gonna print out the transcript of the conversation as soon as I get back today! The fan club needs to recite and memorize it!
He said the exact same thing when he promised Captain Arlan.
I'm gonna print out the transcript of the conversation as soon as I get back today! The fan club needs to recite and memorize it!
...This is the fruit of many years of research, Madam Guardian. The evidence is irrefutable: This so-called "Stellaron" is the source of all the destruction.
It's the truth, madam... The truth won't change with the opinions of the people. The reports before you are the precious result of painstaking effort on the part of Belobog's greatest scholars. You must trust the weight of its conclusion...
Unless? Unless what? Please proceed, madam...
I understand. In the name of Preservation... I will fulfill this mission.
H—Huh? How'd you get behind me?
Are you telling me you wiped out all my co-workers?
Fine, if that's the case then I'm outta here... Do whatever you want!
Ugh! I can't believe it!
"So, how's museum manager life treating you? Just a little reminder — when it comes to working in museums, I'm quite the dab hand..."
"What I mean to say is, If you're ever in need of a passionate and professional individual — one with an inside knowledge of museum security blind spots — I'm only a call away! Don't worry, my exhibit smuggling days are behind me, hehe..."
"So, how's museum manager life treating you? Just a little reminder — when it comes to working in museums, I'm quite the dab hand..."
"What I mean to say is, If you're ever in need of a passionate and professional individual — one with an inside knowledge of museum security blind spots — I'm only a call away! Don't worry, my exhibit smuggling days are behind me, hehe..."
After careful deliberation, you decide to decline Himeko's invitation. With a long whistle, the Astral Express prepares to go ahead on its journey. The friends you just made wave goodbye to you, and your farewell is as sudden and final as your meeting.
After the departure of the Express, the station begins to eagerly rebuild. Meanwhile, Herta and you get busy while researching the Stellaron. However, it doesn't take long before Herta loses interest in you and the Stellaron, and Asta arranges for you to become a researcher at the space station.
You spend a peaceful life on the space station. The Express visits a few times before disappearing for good. From the occasional visitors on the station, you hear stories about how the final end of the Express and the Stellaron Hunters shakes the universe to its very core. Sometimes you wonder whether their destiny would have changed, had you stepped onto that train.
But those stories are no longer for you.
It's Robin's concert!
Let's go watch it together!
It's a bit chilly and damp down here.
I really love Clockie.
What? That's just a trashcan...
What madness are you spouting? Get out of the way...
...
...I'm getting out of here. You should stay away from him, too. He probably came here as a stowaway, spent too long in the Dreamflux Reef, and ended up like this.
...Cirrus? What makes you worth my time, weakling?
I've turned this garden into my territory and made the dogs of the Ten Lords my puppets! As soon as the general arrives, the heliobi will have our rematch. Why should I fight my own at this crucial moment?
...Phantylia? Phantylia! I remember! What a wonderful host... I want it!
Deal! My pawns and I will show you no mercy!
Beep... boop...
Big Ben misses home. Big Ben wants to talk with Little Fay. Big Ben wants to play with Cassidy.
Go home. Go home.
Beep... boop. Cassidy. Little Fay. Cassidy.
...B—But sir, pretending to be a Silvermane Guard is a serious crime...
Got it, sir. Roast the sausage, not the bread.
Don't worry Mr. Norbert, I understand.
Right here, boss! The buyer is arriving soon. Here, this way!
March, get ready. The next fight is going to be very dangerous.
Stay focused. Phantylia is headed for the Ambrosial Arbor — if we don't stop the Lord Ravager, it'll be a catastrophe.
Another thing... The future is what's most important for us. Don't you agree, March?
Dwelling on memories can numb your sense of the present, and inhibit future ambitions.
...
March 7th.
Are you not satisfied with your life as it is?
Then why are you obsessing over the past?
Miss March, long time no see! Welcome to the Sampo Hotel!
WAS Goethe Hotel, hehe — now it's the Sampo Hotel! In the autumn of his years, Old Goethe got too old to run this place — so he handed it down to his most trusted young confidant — Sampo Koski!
And before you get the wrong idea, there was ZERO trickery involved — this was a cherished agreement between gentlemen.
You see, Old Goethe and I chose to face the future instead of clinging to memories of the past... you should do the same, March.
Welcome to the Sampo Hotel, Miss March.
The Sampo Hotel used to be called the Goethe Hotel. After Old Goethe retired, Sampo managed to trick his way into acquiring this place, and renamed it after himself.
Luckily, the high-quality service of the hotel remains undiminished. It's still the best place to stay in the Administrative District.
I should mention — the Sampo Hotel's new slogan is: "Don't think about the past, strive for your future." Sounds like the kind of ad copy that Miss March would like.
Would you like to learn the truth about the Arbiter?
Would you like to learn about the true nature of immortality?
Is the Reignbow Arbiter truly just?
Is the Plagues Author truly evil?
Hmph. My daddy did too...
Oh, yeah? Let's see then!
Hmph, clothes shmothes! My daddy bought me a super rare present!
He got me a model tram — bet you haven't seen one of those before! That costs way much more than boring clothes.
...I heard there was something called a Geomarrow Probe at this auction, but I didn't think it would be so pricey.
I'm not sure, but it was Balaway that told me. I'm not sure why he wants it.
So expensive... There must be a lot of people after it for the price to skyrocket like that.
What's so appealing about a toy? *sigh* We're clearly operating on different wavelengths.
The medicine Vache left behind? That stuff... Can you even call it medicine?
I know Dr. Natasha's here, but I have to tell it like it is... Vache had zero medical ethics — he didn't deserve the title "doctor."
He may have had the capability, but he didn't use it to help anyone... Whenever I went to see him, he never even asked about my illness! He just prescribed me his so-called "wonder medicine..."
If it were you, would you have taken that medicine?
March, if you insist on looking back, you'll find nothing but confusion and chaos.
You were the last princess and also the last survivor of the diamond world, Adlivun. The planet was burned to an obsidian hellscape the moment Nanook ascended.
Filled with despair, your parents swaddled you in warm clothing and placed you into an ice ship. As they watched you sink into the turbulent waves of the starscape, they felt a newfound hope.
You were found and raised by strangers. You are the only savior — the promise of rebirth.
March 7th, one of the Nameless aboard the Astral Express.
After being picked up by Himeko, she was freed from the Six-Phased Ice in which she was encased. She lost all memory of the past...
...because she had no past to speak of. She was an Aeon, and Aeons have no past... From the moment they ascend, the past and future of their existence becomes inundated by their Path.
March 7th's mistake was the loss of the authority of the Aeons.
Intruders...
You cannot... approach...
...the Stellaron!
Intruders... You go no further!
What's going on here, Norbert!? Didn't you say your security was impenetrable?
I—I knew I couldn't trust you hooligans! Even the simplest of sales was too much for you to handle!
Curse it, curse it all! He warned me not to carry out the transaction in person, but I didn't want to spend money on hiring a bagman...
I don't want to go to prison! Not even for a day!
...
You two were talking to the director in the Snow Plains...
I can't let you pass! My team leader said that if anyone gets through, I'll lose six months of performance bonuses!
Sh—Shut up! I spent seven years on a forsaken asteroid preparing to join the IPC — I went through 17 interviews before they finally hired me... What right do you deadbeats have to criticize me!?
I'm aware that there are those among you who see the reserve units as a vacation. Well let me set one thing straight: You are gravely mistaken!
This is the restricted zone. The Fragmentum before you conceals monsters that watch your every move. Behind us, we have a band of conspirators that have infiltrated the city...
The situation is critical... The lazy and undisciplined among you will lose your lives to the forces surrounding us!
As such, starting from today, we will be adding 200 bench presses and 30 extra minutes of one-arm planks to our daily drill! Is that clear?
Hurry, find beds for the patients from the other delves and stabilize them.
Remember to minimize contact — we don't want your people to succumb to the same evil...
Do you mean "out in full force"?
There must be alternate medical practitioners somewhere — the Alchemy Commission can't help us right now...
Die, Dan Feng!
You say Dan Feng was merely your previous incarnation...
...how then do you still possess the power of the high elder?
As I expected... Dan Feng... you have returned... hahahaha...
Some people say that Dr. Vache was a saint who came from the Overworld to help those in need... I don't buy it.
"People's doctor..." That's just what people who've bought into the myth like to say. Vache used to distribute free medicine all the time, but, uh... he couldn't have cared less about the people taking the medicine...
The hard truth is that we were just his test subjects. It didn't matter if the medicine worked or not. What mattered was having a constant stream of willing lab rats...
...Of course, I can't control what anyone else thinks. That's just how I see it.
Children of the Everwinter City, proud citizens of the Preservation: Hold your heads up high! Grind NOT against the mundane vulgarities of your everyday lives. ALWAYS remember, deep in your hearts, the teachings of the Architects and the Supreme Guardian!
Oh, if it isn't... the savior of Belobog, the guardian's honored guest, child of the galaxy and stars! Welcome back to our eternally snow-covered yet forever beautiful winter metropolis!
...I haven't heard of any stolen artifacts. These days I'm too busy praising the grace of the Preservation to be distracted by worldly matters!
However, if your hearts are troubled by this affair, then I hope that Qlipoth will bestow THEIR blessings upon you both, and that you may soon find the evildoer who committed such a crime!
Architecture is not an art, nor should it be. Only those with low capability are obsessed with "art" because they do not have the capacity to utilize "technology."
I see you've overheard me talking to myself. How embarrassing.
I'm very pleased that you feel this way. The majority of organic lifeforms love to extol and obsess over this "art" that does not even exist, so as to cover up their technological incompetence. You are not the same as them.
I see you've overheard me talking to myself. How embarrassing.
"Because Master shaped you from clay but forged me from fire! I'm superior to you!"
"My child, you did not serve the old master and know not of his power. Just as he can strip us of our freedom, he can also grant it to us."
"Master! Hope you will return in due course! And I shall stand vigilant, awaiting the reward for my loyalty!"
"Master, now that you have gone, I shall wait no longer for my reward... I shall seize what is rightfully mine."
Outlander, a dispute awaits your fair judgment.
If you give the golden trash to me, I will pledge you endless wealth, more than enough to fill the biggest trashcan there is.
The outlander must be trying to help us understand how foolish this dispute of ours was... You have proven yourself with your actions. This signifies our loyalty and longing. We wish for you to have it.
You have proven yourself with your actions. We three cans shall become your aides, and win freedom once more for trashcans.
But... there's smoke coming out of it...
Mom and Dad went somewhere far away a long time ago — haven't come back yet!
Yes, Mr. Captain!
O—Okay sir! I'll protect my sister when I grow up!
...Alright. Before we officially start, let's go over things once more: First, the winner's route — can you remember all that? ... Ah, looks like you won't have to remember it after all...
Hi! Are you {NICKNAME}, right? I'm one of your fans. Have you got time for a quick interview?
Of course you do! How could you not, based on your brilliant performance in the Festivity Auditions?
Don't worry. I'd never trick you into going to the Dusk Auction House...
That's... the best I can do...
What else am I supposed to do? The route back to the Alchemy Commission has disappeared, and we're in the field without the right medicine or supplies.
Besides, we have no record of this disease at all. These symptoms are consistent with someone about to be stricken with mara.
My first time seeing these symptoms up close... Being stricken with mara is more terrible than I imagined.
Ah, it's a young Dreamchaser.
I hope you had a wonderful experience in Penacony's Dreamscape. After all, such is the wish of all Family members.
Those who're wealthy enough to spend in Penacony have something in common: they're all pretty good at lying. Obviously, it's a talent you don't have.
There's no need to worry. I don't find your presence here inappropriate. You're a kind soul. Although you sometimes act recklessly and tend to break rules, none of those changes your true nature.
Yes. I took time off to look after you.
The "traveling healer" is just his disguise.
You need to rest.
We want to complain!
...
Nonsense! Ahem! How many eight-year-olds do you see walking around that look like this, huh?
That's because I'm tall... and old! I'm a grown man! Ask anyone!
Well here's the truth: I'm a grown man!
Please, miss, allow Aurum Alley Merchant Guild to take care of this matter.
...I'm not denying that.
...I'm afraid we can't pay at the moment.
Miss, there's no reason for you to take such a bet... we're the ones who dragged you into this.
...They will suffer, sacrifice, and die because of my order.
What about the Underworlders? They will lose the protection of the Architects. They will see me... as a tyrant.
...
I understand.
"If the people lack foresight, we will make choices on their behalf and bear the responsibility."
"We shall support one another, protecting the weak and standing against the mighty."
"Before the arrival of a king, everything followed its natural course, and so it shall continue even after the king's departure."
"We no longer have need for a king, for we have become kings of all things."
I understand your misgivings, but my decision is made. That is the course we must take.
They will never know. Keep quiet, Yingxing — this will make us even. I will give you two hours — research what you can. Remember — two hours.
Hmph...
...Can you forgive me, Yueyan?
That was terrifying, thank goodness the Vidyadhara dragon lady was saved...
Yes, that child's usually hidden away. What's she doing out here?
I heard the Knights affected by the evil are going berserk!
Don't scare yourself — the Alchemy Commission's dragon lady can cure anything.
Let me go. Let me go... I've only done good in my life. Why can't I rest in peace after death...
You... You're talking to someone invisible. If I'm not dead, what am I? *sob*... I shouldn't have pushed my luck and tried sleeping in my dream... Curiosity kills the Pepeshi!
S-Stop asking! You'll alert the monsters! All the dead are right here, all of them...!
Don't say that name! It's all your fault! Th-They're coming!
We're carrying out our Captain's orders! Wh-What do you want!
I-It's you again... Back for more trouble? We're not afraid of you this time!
Well...
Th-That's right! We have nothing to report. Please leave!
You see that, Sheila? History always repeats itself.
Oh Sheila, when we face another dire crisis like this, if you're able to rescue your home planet... Will you come back and save us?
Never mind. If Sheila could hear this, she'd understand.
Long time no see, kiddo. How can I help you?
Star-Picking Tours will take you around the Aurum Alley!
What a *Xianzhou profanity* nice day...
Is a funeral happening on the Luofu soon?
Do you have any 10-year-old SoulGlads?
Hah, you guys sure have a lot to say about that broken heater.
Hi there. The name's Serval, I'm the owner of this workshop.
Yep, touch it and find out — ice cold. I was just about to fix it up.
I forgot to introduce myself. The name's Serval, I'm the owner of this workshop.
Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... who would have thought our enemies would turn out to be the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus...
*sigh* The master diviner must have kept it quiet to avoid alerting them.
Those Travelers defeated the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus... Won't that make us seem... incompetent?
I—I need to find a way to make this report sound more... impressive.
You want to ask questions? Fine, but I must be present the whole way through. This part needs to be recorded as testimony.
Shut it, rambling rodent. The Cloud Knights will root all of you out soon.
You scum... If the order allowed I would cut you down now.
Don't listen, his words are poison.
We've had enough of Tatalov's oppression! To retrieve our belongings from his treasure trove, the resources vital to our livelihoods seized by Tatalov's greed and tyranny, we must open this door.
The door is open... The legends are true! You are the savior destined to defeat Tatalov! The God of Trash sent you to return the tyrant's treasures to us!
Ah, I've never felt so exhilarated before! When you raise the banner of rebellion against Tatalov, I and the other oppressed cans shall stand by your side!
When you raise the banners of rebellion against Tatalov, I, and all other oppressed cans will be at your side.
I... saw it... I saw myself become thunder... become a storm...
That scent in the elixir crucible... I could smell the future...
Mere flesh will not trap me... I am the Ebon Deer. I see the leaves and branches covering the sky. I will change again...
The master was defeated? No... N—No that cannot be!
Ah, a new face... Hello, young one. Mind having a chat with an old lady like me?
A straightforward one, I like you.
They... no need to mind these people. They're busy with their own stuff, aren't they?
Come closer, young one. Do you have any interesting experiences to share with an old lady?
Hmm? You're not the Knights... What is your purpose here? It's dangerous.
Tsk, resorting to short-life species as reinforcements... Hehe, Jing Yuan is truly running out of options.
Silence. If my healing worked, you'll become one of us...
...and then it's not just me they'll be running from.
Hey, pal! Let me tell you something fun! I had a close call with a robbery yesterday. I was standing behind the counter when someone shouted, "This is a stick up!" I was so startled that I even spat out my soda. But guess what? When I turned around, there was nobody there... Can you guess why?
Because the robber was a Pepeshi! Hahahaha!
I didn't even notice the robber holding a knife until I stepped out from behind the counter. He said, "Good afternoon, give me all your money!" So, I replied, "Uh, you don't really look intimidating, though." He agreed and said, "You're right. I should find a place where I can actually harm you."
He climbed up on the counter using that table over there, but as soon as he stood still... he passed out. Can you guess why?
H—He's still breathing! T—Try not to p—panic Aunt Gertie...
A—Are you okay, bro? L—Let me take you to N—Natasha's clinic...
The Guards... they m—moved so q—quickly... don't you think it's a little f—fishy?
I g—guess...
Sir, we've just received word from the director...
Teams are not to disrupt the lives of local inhabitants during the asset evaluation period...
Teams that violate this directive will have their year-end bonuses reduced by 60%...
Is this elevator b—broken? Why isn't it r—responding?
But, i—if we evacuate, then haven't we lost out?
Oh, g—good idea!
You dealt with the sealed demon, Garboski? He is so powerful and so terrifying, but you defeated him... How magnificent of you!
You've won me over, along with many others. This item carries our high regard for you.
You've won me over, along with many others. This item carries our high regard for you.
Soooo hungry... I wish I could have a Redsunset Salmon right now...
Guess what — I heard there's gonna be a Silvermane adventure camp opening in the Overworld soon. It's gonna be super awesome.
Miss Pela! Peter is falling asleep!
Suspicious individuals in a restricted area are detained first and interrogated later. No exceptions.
Halt!
State your name and your business! Arrest them immediately!
Oh, well we actually have enough for the moment. You hang onto it...
Are you serious!? This has... gotta be a dream. Good things... don't happen to us!
I... *sniff* *sob*
Woof!
Woof!
Woof woof... Woof? Woof woof woof!
Hmm. Meta algorithm reading complete, inputting jade abacus for simulation.
Divination inference complete, hexagrammatic position established. Fluctuation range is between the marsh and water trigrams. Error margin of 0.2%.
The algorithm is correct. So what's interfering with the instruments...?
O—Okay...! Thank you, thank you!
Zino, take my hand! Let's get out of here!
Quick, get behind me!
Oh... *sob*
*sob* It's so cold here... I'm scared...
*sob* Mom... Dad...
Miss March 7th, welcome to the Sampo Hotel. I'm Gepard, the security here.
Excuse me, Miss March. Do you need anything? If there's nothing else, please let me get back to my duty.
Also, allow me to remind you — you cannot change the past. The future is all that's left for you.
...Dan Feng said only the high elder can enter here.
What do I want?
I want to see her... see how she's faring... I want to see her!
Are we s—saved?
Hey, n—no need for that!
O—Okay, thanks!
Dragon Lady, Dragon Lady, I've been wondering about this for a long time.
Are your tail and horns the result of some shape-shifting magic?
It's all just an illusion. It's all fake — just a conspiracy.
The Cloud Knights undergo such thorough training. How could they lose control like this?
It's one thing for humans to be stricken with mara. But foxians and Vidyadhara...?
I heard that starskiff connections are being reinstated. The people stranded at the Alchemy Commission should all be able to leave soon.
So, we have decided that an observer possessing unique and just insight should be the judge for this matter and decide to whom the reward will belong, and bring a conclusive end to this long dispute.
If you give the golden trash to me, I will grant you endless knowledge, more than any full bag of trashcan provide.
The conundrum that has stymied us for so long... fixed just like that?
Beautiful dream's about to end! The beautiful dream will never end!
Phew... thank you guys, tweet. I feel I'm about seventy percent cooked, tweet!
Because that fella stole one of Mr. Big Ticker's parts, tweet! I wanted to help retrieve it, but I accidentally got myself stuck in the oven, tweet... Go ahead and get it, but be careful, it's hot, tweet!
The past cannot be blamed, while the future can still be pursued. March 7th, do not look back.
If we want to resolve the Stellaron crisis, we must refine the question: What is the crux of the problem? Generally, it is believed that when one seizes on the crux of a problem, the problem will split open like bamboo on the edge of a knife.
Nobody could have foreseen the catalyzing effect of the Stellaron on the Ambrosial Arbor. As the ancients said, blessings bring about misfortune, and vice versa. Nature has its own algorithm, and it is precisely when fate wends betwixt blessing and misfortune that I, a master diviner of masterful proportions, am called on to save the people of the Luofu!
A murder in a locked room has left us all stumped!
As soon as I heard, I knew something must have happened! So I acted decisively and broke the door down to get inside...
Thinking quickly, I grabbed the artist's canvas to staunch Miss Sparkle's blood, but... Alas, poor Miss Sparkle. She's left us now, forever!
Thank you for your cooperation, madam.
Your establishment is, uh... very fancy.
The box containing the Meteor Fragment is in one of the hotel rooms. You and Miss Pela can go investigate the scene when you're ready.
Beep! Beep!
Beep! Beep! Alert! Alert! Nosy person spotted! Nosy person spotted!
Beep! Beep! Protect the goods! Protect the goods!
My perfect plan has totally been disrupted, blast it... Blast it all!!!
...Wh—What else do you want?
Bah, fantastic! It's all that brat's fault!
...Grahhhh, don't even think about sealing me in the matrix!
You wretched fools! Tail, the judges, you... One day...
...one day, sooner or later, I'll tear you all to pieces. I'll crunch your bones to dust, sap every drop of your strength, and spit you out into the dirt where you belong...
March, have you forgotten your past experiences? Surely your bow there is enough evidence for you.
You were once a Galaxy Ranger engaged in a bitter fighting battle with the remnants of the Swarm. You rescued a planet in the Emerald system that was about to be swallowed by a black hole, smashing through Dr. Primitive's carefully-laid plans.
You were severely wounded during the battle for Vonwacq. The leader of the Rangers encased you in ice to protect you, and waited for you to recover.
But this is different from all our previous battles! Captain, even our own comrades may become our enemies this time...
B—But this shouldn't be happening! We're still so young — we're not old enough to be stricken with mara yet...
I—I don't know how many more of our soldiers will...
A criminal who destroyed our succession is unworthy of setting foot in the sacred places of the Vidyadhara.
Empty rhetoric, there are ways of unearthing his true identity...
...and even his reincarnation should answer for the monstrous crimes of the past. The Vidyadhara will never accept him!
This is the legendary golden trash, a symbol of power and status. Only the most qualified trashcan may lay claim to it. All of us feel that we are that trashcan, and so we keep fighting for it.
If you bestow upon me this golden trash, I shall promise you the most beautiful trashcan in the world — myself. I will stand beside you as a partner beyond peer and face all your trials and triumphs by your side.
Then who is the most qualified can... No, that no longer mattered.
There's a draconic abomination! Help me...!
Someone... help me.
Thank you, healer. Was master Dan Feng really behind that abomination? I don't believe it.
Well, back in my homeworld, Anaria, we have festivals like that all the time. My dad threw me a birthday party one time that was just as extravagant as the Charmony Festival.
Relax, with a big event like this, there's bound to be lots of gossip and rumors. Don't worry. If anything does happen, The Family will be on top of it.
Surely there'll be a lot of celebrities at the Charmony Festival. It's a great opportunity to make some valuable connections.
Don't come any closer! The road's blocked — stay where you are!
What's that got to do with us? Do you think we're the same as those thugs?
Yeah right, and you can guarantee that no one there with you is out for blood? I don't believe it. Stay where you are!
"Descending from the infinite spiral staircase, I traverse towards the future with measured steps. No need to remember me or seek my existence, for the contours of my mind shall intersect with other experiences."
"In the hushed expanse of a nocturnal reverie, I leave faint traces behind. No need to remember me or to recall the essence of dreams."
"What is mine shall wane, while you shall transcend its delicate nature."
Good work! Now we can nab them both in one go!
Eh? Who... Who's this?
I—I see... Sir, the thing is, we're trying to apprehend a stowaway, and that young lady there looks very suspicious. We're sure she's the one!
Hey! Who goes there?
Halt, routine inspection!
Intruders! I must inform the security captain...
*coughing* Y—You're still young, child. There will come a day... a day when you do understand.
The Supreme Guardian... sh—she sees further than you or I. All her decisions are for the security of Belobog...
*coughing* Don't be upset, child. You still have lots of time ahead of you. When you find a way to destroy — *coughing* — destroy the Stellaron... our efforts will have been worth it.
So, why you hanging around here by yourself, tiny?
Hey! Did we give you permission to speak?
Alright, enough mister nice guy... Give us the money, now!
Oink! Oink, oink!
Oink! Oink, oink! Oink!
Oink! Oink...
Hm, and you are? Victory Zone challengers, I presume?
Looks like you haven't bothered to light up all the lamps in this area yet... I can't just let you off the hook.
Fine, fine, the gate's open. Have fun dealing with the toughest challenge in the Victory Zone.
But... B—But my proof of property is inside. I don't have any—
If I can't get my proof of property, it doesn't matter how safe I am! Out of my way — let me pass...
Let me pass! I'm not afraid to die! I've lost everything... everything...
General! Don't cast us aside! We're willing to go with you!
Yes, General! We may not be the mightiest force, but it's our duty as Cloud Knights to protect the Xianzhou — how can we let outworlders face the danger while we stay behind the lines!? With your permission, sir, allow me to lead the way.
Yes, general!
Gossipmonger only concerns herself with gossip, not the secrets within.
There aren't many members in the Heritor group, but news is still traveling so fast. This must be the work of something bigger...
...Hmm... Given the number of people in the group and its content... could this all stem from a few alt accounts? But why kick up a storm like this...
Uh... no? I just sneaked out for a little while. What are the odds...
The Special Purpose Lab? Then wouldn't Pamela — I mean, Gossipmonger be...
Wh—What do we do? It sounds like he's telling the truth...
Why are you still here? Didn't your department call you to prepare for the emergency operation?
I got a group message two minutes ago saying that something's happened in the Special Purpose Lab — somebody's trapped. The Security Department's blocked off the area around the entrance.
Most likely. No wonder she's not here right now...
Have you heard anything from Gossipmonger? Is the lead researcher really that corrupt? Who exactly is this whistleblower?
I couldn't not come in after checking my phone! Days off aren't as juicy as gossip.
*sigh* You're right...
Did you see those extra boxes of medical supplies at the depot? Who brought those over?
Who's Clara? Is she one of us?
Family... of a robot?
Silly-head, they're trying to trick you! They're just gonna catch you and take you back!
I know! Let's play a game called "don't let anyone catch us!"
Don't be a bunch of fun-suckers! She doesn't wanna let anyone take her away!
Ma'am, won't you buy some of this fruit?
Minstrelsy, now that's a dated art form...
This Auspicious XV...
Clara, I assume? I can't think of anyone else that'd do something that generous.
Not even close! She's Svarog's trusted family.
Well, you'll understand when you've been here a while longer.
Welcome to... Luofu skyport... Starskiff Haven...
Please await transfer... Please await transfer... Please await transfer...
Please await transfer... Please await transfer... Please await transfer...
Stupid boy, is your head not screwed on right? You're leaving over my dead body.
I'll knock some sense into you yet... Hey, where do you think you're go— Argh...
Ah, it's you again. How can an old man like me help you?
Beep - bing! Little Fay re-initialization complete!
Scanning for signal from Big Ben...
Signal not found. Big Ben is currently too far away from this unit. Tracking function must be enabled.
That should do, general.
Quelling the Arbor is the duty of the Vidyadhara.
...Of course.
...Whoa, easy! Why are you hiding in there? Don't you know what happened in the mine?
Is anyone with you injured? We have a doctor. She can care for your wounded!
*sigh* These guys...
U—Uh, excuse me... are you Captain Oleg?
Of course we remember! Every young guard knows about your courageous exploits!
I haven't heard of either of them actually... But I'd love to hear all about them!
I'm gonna tell you something. Make sure you don't tell anyone else.
The multiple disappearances — they're all for real.
Shhh! Why are you being so loud! Do you wanna disappear too!?
Hmhmhm♪... Hm... Hmhmhm...
Hmhmhm♪... Hm... Hmhmhm...
Hmhmhm♪... Hm... Hmhmhm...
Alright, alright, alright. Cut the pleasantries and tell me how it's going.
I have faith in your abilities. So, how about my offer? Why not come with me after this is done?
Sure thing. Anyway, keep your eyes peeled — I'll be bringing you something big soon!
Yo, yo, listen up. This one's for all you pretend rappers...
Internal Combustion Engine champion — 88 Degrees Bedrock — reppin' the dawn of the Underworld rap. Here's something to wake up your soul, check it...
(The vagrant is spitting fire rhymes...)
We appreciate you sticking up for us, but this...
Miss Secretary is just helping us think of ideas. If you ask me, I think our ordering system is rather inefficient. I'm sure we could reduce our costs if we found a way to improve it.
Don't worry, our motto is "safety first."
Someone has to step up and save Lushaka. So, why can't it be me, Misha?
Even without me, you know how to proceed forward, brave Captain Misha. The "Compass" is waiting for you. Haven't you always wanted to be a better adventurer than me?
Now go. Board that train and... start your journey.
520!
650!
720! *coughing*
"Welcome to this mansion, dear outsiders. Its founder has been exiled by those beneath them, and now the seven servants believe they can replace their former master."
"Either I shall be my own master, or I shall return to my former master! I shall not submit to a new master under any circumstances!"
"Without a master, who can grant me true freedom?"
How do you know? Balaway from Miner's Lamp said that you need to pay attention to the interfaces when assembling relics.
To make this thing move again, we need to connect the microcrystalline unit to the operating brake module. Otherwise, it's just a pile of scrap metal.
Haha, Marev!? Him and his brother wouldn't know a real relic if it hit 'em in the face. Last I heard, he got scammed by someone selling counterfeit junk.
A massive surprise!
I'll never... love again.
Have you decided what "Wen" name to call yourself?
Wait for the train...
People from Planet Screwllum never boast...
It'll be a massive undertaking.
450!
550!
700!
Dad! — by the Amber Lord, I thought I was never going to see you again!
Here, Barry... say hello to grandpa!
Sorry Dad, I wanted to introduce you to my husband too, but he can't get away from the publisher today.
Young master, must we really forsake Scalegorge Waterscape?
I cannot say, young master. I feel resentment in my heart, but there are also... feelings I cannot put into words.
The senior Vidyadhara say that the Xianzhou offered us this place — that we hail from another world. Is it time to repay them?
Sorry██pain███suffer██sorry████████...
█████Termi█nate███terminate██████.
███You██Pascal█very██ █like████Clara██!
Help!
R—Run for your lives!
It was so close... so close...!
Even seasoned soldiers — soldiers of three centuries were turned into... twisted beings! I was almost... almost...
Try to speak with him.
The man is lost in his own world, and he has no reaction to your inquiry.
M—Monster...!
H—Help...!
Her hatching rebirth is complete... she left me all alone.
Still, I wait for the day of my rebirth... endless waiting...
480!
560!
Waters of the ancient sea, cleanse me, waters of the ancient sea, protect me...
This world's good karma is settled. This life's misfortune is erased.
Warning. Warning. Danger detected—
Protect Clara. Initiating active defense mode—
Monsters!
Help me!
Why did the auction house set such a low opening bid? I'm bound to make a loss...
Perhaps I should publicize it myself! Oh... I don't like talking to strangers though...
Mommy doesn't know either, sweety — the Overworld is different from here. Their fashion is always changing, I don't know what's popular these days...
Don't be silly, that won't happen — mommy's gonna buy you some pretty new clothes as soon as we're on the surface.
"When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed. Pass like a dream out of sight and mind, six hundred years in this mortal bind~"
Master High Elder...
I heard a new fighter showed up at the club — young guy, dark hair. They say he's invincible! Where did he come from?
Don't be ridiculous. The Silvermane Guards have been gone for ages. Why would one suddenly appear out of the blue?
Did you hear!? There's a new fighter at the club! He knocked the last champ's teeth out!
...Dark sense of humor you got there.
Tsk. You're getting all excited over a dream...
Should I ask for more medicine?
Unbelievable... feels like it was just yesterday that I was showing you around the hotel all those years ago. I'm too old to remember a lot of things... but that day I remember clearly as ever.
Of course, of course! I was worried before that after losing customers from the Overworld you would go out of business... but your establishment is still alive and well, all thanks to your superb management!
*sigh* Same great taste...
...Oh, interested in the food? In Aurum Alley, there's no such thing as a bad food stall. Just close your eyes and pick one at random.
Ghost, there's a ghost! D-Don't come near me...
Let me go...
Ar-armed evacuation? Boss, are you drunk?
Help... Help me... I spent all my year-end bonus on the snowball... I don't want my name on the department's major disciplinary notice!
The Bravo team has arrived at their designated position. Ready to execute armed evacuation operation — boys, get moving!
What do you know!? It's more efficient this way. Just don't let the director find out! Act first, report later, understood?
Guards, formation!
Citizens of Belobog, I kindly ask for your attention! Lady Bronya Rand's inaugural address will begin shortly. Please remain orderly!
I—If I may, h—he's telling the truth. This Golden Cloud Toad does not belong to Mr. Skott.
...
Yes~ Miss~ Pela~
Sorry, Miss Pela...
Alright children, no running around, okay? Let's gather over here...
So, let me introduce myself. I'm the Intelligence Officer for the Silvermane Guards, and a temporary guide for the "A Journey Through Belobog's History" program. My name is Pelageya Sergeyevna.
What happened? Seems serious...
Who are those guys behind the captain? Look at their attire, so strange...
Wh—Who are you...? ...What are you?
What do you want...?
Look, Captain Gepard's back!
So impressive... I want to become as strong a Silvermane Guard as him!
Topaz! Topaz! Topaz!
Trailblazers! Trailblazers! Trailblazers!
There is only one way...
Divination is meaningless...
Welcome! The store has a new season of arrivals, fashionable and stylish with an array of designs, take your pick!
If you see something you like, I can help you check if there's a discount, it'll be a steal!
"Farewell, former king."
"Let our previous king recount it to you. Now, it is time for the final rite."
When the dragon turns red, then the green pines shall shed.
Pass like a dream out of sight and mind, six hundred years in this mortal bind~
Hey, {F#Miss}{M#Mister}! Are you experiencing issues with your phone such as lagging, overheating, or system-based stoppages? I can help you upgrade your system.
For just a tiny amount of credits, your phone will gain a new lease on life and its operating system will function smoother than the Star Rail that lines the cosmos...
Ahh, I remember! Your uncle is Minister Noel — he heads up the Department of Transportation, no?
Haha, you're shameless, Norbert! Not to be rude, but if I were thrown in jail, I wouldn't possibly ask my father to bail me out.
...Th—Thank you, all of you. I feel much better now.
Thank goodness you're here... The garrison is up ahead, are you heading there now? I'll wait there for you.
Reignbow's blessing... You're not Disciples of Sanctus Medicus...
Just leave me...
Roll up, roll up! Miss March, would you like to take a look at the latest edition of the Xianzhou Beauty Index? The chance of drawing a Luofu Playboy card is suuuuper high right now~
The past is in the past! What is there to feel sad about? Live every day as if it were your last. Don't be sad~
M—Monsters! Monsters from the Fragmentum!
They're swarming toward the town!
I don't really know what kind of person the new guardian is, but I heard the three outsiders are on good terms with her.
Those three are really capable people. If they believe the Guards, then there's no reason for us not to.
Serval! Serval!
(Audience cheering)
Why are you worried about this piece of junk? Do you really wanna go down there and be a live target for the robots?
You idiot — we'll just steal off the miners! Look, I saw with my own eyes — they managed to bag some Geomarrow. This is a perfect opportunity.
Hehe, you've noticed it, no? All roads are but puzzles in this place...
Come, lost one! Do you desire to leave? Then come and find me!
Aaaah—
Let us go. Let us go!
Hmph, doesn't count unless you can answer this question.
...*sigh* I thought I had you there.
Huohuo, are you in the mirror? I finally found you!
That... sound... Huohuo... this way.
Cirrus~ It's Cirrus~ You won~ You won...
Don't leave us... help us... take us... to restore Ignamar's glory together!
The door will not open without the proper courtesies. Return from where you came, visitors...
The courtesies have been performed. Enter, oh honored guest.
Hey — it feels great not having to wear this fake smile and grovel for guests all day!
It's just, things are kind of boring if I can't see the funny faces of the bosses, and I can't diss people...
A word to the wise: If you have a great idea that pops into your head one day, don't be in a hurry to tell anyone about it... Think about its potential business value, so those empty-headed scoundrels won't take it away from you.
I've got things to do, so I don't have time for idle chatter... Just go into any store and get yourself a decent outfit, will you?
Everyone is just data... Everyone. And she... She is no exception.
Even though I love her, so what... She's just another string of data... Sigh!
Greetings, {NICKNAME}. I'm Fedora, the envoy of the Supreme Guardian.
I'm in charge of this venue now, but don't worry, I won't interfere with your entertainment.
This name is unfamiliar to you and elicits no feelings. However, a voice inexplicably rings in your ears.
Yet, there's a voice, inexplicably echoing in your ears, becoming agitated in the midst of the howling wind.
Lesley! Sir, I need to go. I need to go find Lesley.
It's been a while! Do you want to see my new carvings? The texture of this rock is very special!
Hold still. You're nearly fixed.
Hey! What are you talking about? I'm not interested in selling your components.
*Sigh* Haven't you fixed it yet?
Is there something going on inside?
Yes, I am. How may I assist you?
I apologize for the inconvenience. Please wait while we try to contact Mr. Sunday. I'll arrange two premium seats in the VIP Lounge, so you can rest there while you wait.
I heard that you were criticized.
Even I have heard about the matter.
...Citizens? Outside the walls? Hey, you two, stop right there!
Captain, look at her necklace... Maybe she's telling the truth.
The hotel's dangerous right now. I'll have * Rosemary* escort you out.
I'm also just a normal person...
Hi there, friend from a distant land!
I hear the Watchmaker's Legacy is right here! Let's say we go treasure hunting?
Did you also get kicked out of the beautiful dream? I want to go back... but then, I don't want to go back.
Tell me what I should do. Oh... I don't know what to do...
Welcome to heaven... dreams, true or false... all are ephemeral...
Might as well drink more SoulGlad instead...
I told Antonia from the beginning: We never should have let those vagrants mine with us. I wouldn't be in this mess if it weren't for those thugs.
...He's family. The other vagrants aren't my problem.
Enough already. Nobody has it easy — this is a time to help each other out.
I remember one of your uncles had to flee Rivet Town, which makes him a vagrant too, right? Would you drive him away?
Have any of you seen my husband? He's a good-looking guy — tall and thin...
*sigh* You think I'm joking? I saw you taking down the names of the miners — that's why I came over.
You again? Quit joking around! No need to add to the confusion.
Oh... You can put the name down here.
Peak... he's done for. He was asleep in there.
Elaine was in there too!? Quick, we have to—
Easy, Dr. Natasha told you to rest. What if your wound opens up again? Besides, Elaine will get him out, she's a reliable girl.
Calm down and stop worrying. Wildfire's already gone in.
Such a rat!
Traitor!
...Hey, I'm talking to you! Where do you guys store the Geomarrow?
Tsk, this place is filled with nothing but incompetents...
This place used to be so busy...
Don't panic, my child.
Aoo — Woo — Woof woof woof! All the SoulGlad™ is ours! Don't even think about plundering the SoulGlad™ from us!
SoulGlad™... My SoulGlad™... Raawrr...
O dinosaur, devour my enemies, grawwrr!
Grawwrr... You truly are a beast, more than I can ever be...
It's so high. What am I gonna do if I fall?
Is the Alchemy Commission gonna be under watch forever?
Hey, aren't you off work today?
Well, too bad, I haven't seen Gossipmonger this morning. You should rest up and wait for more news.
Help! Somebody help! ...Wait, the elevator is here!
Please!
W—We lost sight of Pamela... There's a terrifying monster over there — we didn't dare to go over on our own.
Please save her! W—We'll take the elevator up.
"In the absence of my master I am free, but without their guidance, for whom shall I sing?"
"I shall sing for my new master, just as THEIR noble voice once resonated throughout the Cosmos."
"Once, I stood as the most loyal guard among all the servants! Now, with my master banished, it's my right to assume control of his dominion!"
"My former master has long departed, but why do I still fear the remnants of his creation?"
Ah! Master Capote thinks about me!
Ah! Long live Master Capote!
"Master is no longer here. I thought I'd be free, but I'm not. Now without my master's command, I'll have to seek guidance from the blind."
"Master is no longer here. I must seek a new master and serve them faithfully."
Master Capote's Life Wiki, version 4.0: Master Capote doesn't care about rank. Everyone knows that!
That's right! Even we don't get to receive personal instruction from Master Capote!
Hey, you've been talking Master Capote's ear off this whole time. Do you... want to join the fan club?
You even memorized the internal testing content for version 12.0 of Master Capote's Life Wiki!
I bet you do... You wouldn't have known about Captain Arlan's meeting with Master Capote unless you had an interest.
You must be one of those super fans that stayed under the radar. *sigh* We've been careless.
Hello, do you have any recommended teas today?
I plan on resigning from the Sky-Faring Commission.
Of course! My lips are sealed — not a word to anyone.
Seriously!?
It's been so long and there's still no response!
Tsk, those managers are useless.
There's something fishy going on — how come they haven't recovered anything? I don't believe it.
They're hiding something...
To safeguard the integrity of SoulGlad™, I will soar high into the sky and become its shiniest star, whoosh!
The world kisses me with pain, and I provide with SoulGlad™ in return... Whoosh...
Mister Luka, hello!
My name is Margie, and I'm from Moltammerville too. I'm a big fan of yours! I've been sick since I was a baby, but I still dream of becoming a big star in the cage one day — just like you!
None will take my SoulGlad™ away from me! I will use the Transmutation Arcanum to turn into a dinosaur! *rawrr*
Grawwrr... The body withers, but the SoulGlad™ name shall not...
...I don't understand, doctor. Why do we have to hide such valuable research results away? They're the work of a lifetime...
I just think... it's a shame. Our research has hit an obstacle. Meanwhile, your results will be buried in the snow...
Of course. Please show me your Dreamscape Pass.
Ten. You may now enjoy the attractions in Penacony to the fullest.
This spear is sharp enough to pierce dragon scales. Be careful, High Elder, lest you hurt yourself with it.
I'd rather leave this world in a blaze than live until the end of time. I will let all of the Xianzhou know that a brief moment of my life is worth more than their long and meaningless lives.
Intelligence Officer Pela just left for the Snow Plains with somebody...
...are you headed there too?
If your people knew that you had brought me here, there would be great unrest.
I'm a short-life species, do you think two hours isn't enough? It will be done.
This is of vital importance to the Ambrosial Arbor's seals — safety must be guaranteed.
Keep in mind, this generation cannot afford to repeat the failure of the previous high elder.
Mm, enough.
Haha, don't be nervous sir, this is a mere formality for me and the Ten-Lords Commission.
I've got one word for you: "Zero." And another word for you: "One."
I heard the Artisanship Commission got off early due to martial law...
The loom of the universe weaves only the truth. "Three and three-quarters," this is the number of the seriously ill who'll be treated tomorrow by the Divination Commission.
I heard the Divination Commission got off early due to martial law...
*sighs* The docks hasn't even fully resumed operations yet, but here we are, working.
This place isn't the same as it used to be...
Dumplings and steamed buns! The buns are huge — just a few and you'll be full!
Have you checked IPC's offer? I think it's quite generous.
Calm down, you two. I've seen this thousands of times before, and you're not special.
I heard you've been criticized again recently. What happened? Haven't you just joined the Alchemy Commission for a short time?
The word got out pretty quickly, huh? Even my sister came and told me about it.
Dad, is Mom there too? Uncle told me that Mom and Aunt are both in there...
A—Agh! I don't wanna die...!
...Ah? But...
I heard someone say he's an elite Silvermane Guard.
Grab a bottle of SoulGlad™, and make your dreams a blast! Grawwrr!
Really? At least he still has his mouthguard...
"Accountant! We are the pillars of this mansion, bound by an oath of loyalty and unity... Why are you plotting my downfall?"
Hi! Interested in fitness and martial arts?
This Butterfly Immersia is age-restricted. We'll have to confiscate it, because you're underage.
Excuse me, are you two on your way to the Alchemy Commission delve?
A—Almost... there are just a few compressors left...
503 tasks pending. Now handling Task #113. Please do not disturb.
Hello, my name is Ruan Mei... I'm not one for introductions. It's nice to meet you.
Why is this so expensive! I've thrown all my funding at it.
Kiddo, we meet again. Take a seat.
Welcome to the grocer's! What can I help you with?
I—I saw it! I saw that person disappear! They vanished right before my eyes! Just like that — snap! It was so quick, n—no traces left — not even bones!
Do you need help with anything?
I'm not sure how long I'll be away for this time... Perhaps two hundred years. Will you wait for me?
If anyone dares slack off at this juncture, I'll send 'em off to the Realm-Keeping Commission...
Come to think of it, why would an infamous thief be hiding here and doing odd jobs? It doesn't make any sense.
This place wasn't always known as the Petrichor Inn.
...What are you doing back here?
You tell me: betting on starskiffs, foxian magic shows, Celestial Jade... Is any of them less amusing than sitting down for an entire day with a pot of watered-down tea while listening to people ramble on?
What's your hometown like?
I really am a foxian!
I want to pilot a mega-starskiff. Class-B license skiffs aren't big enough for me!
What name should be given to this new freight starskiff... Didn't you take literature lessons back at school? Got any ideas?
This time around we're going to a jungle world. Tsk, do you think there'll be loads of insects there?
I've studied astrophysics at the academy for 270 years, and I am regarded as a leading modern authority on the matter.
Listen to this ad! "I wander into another world and pick up an emergency food. The moment I put it into my mouth, it says 'I can grant you three wishes...'."
Can you see it? That tree... It's growing!
This tree has withered for thousands of years... Back when my ancestors first settled in the Exalting Sanctum, it was already half a stump.
Are the repairs in the supply zone finished? We have to wrap them up this week. No more delays.
Buddy, it's been awhile.
Remote signals normal. Signs of life detected within the field of vision.
Agh...
"Without a king, who shall bear responsibility for the people?"
Oh no...
The general still has important matters to discuss with you. Please remain here.
Sorry, but you're not going anywhere.
"Without a king, who shall protect the weak and stand against the mighty?"
I'll be the judge of that.
"Without a king, who shall govern the movement of stars, the ebb and flow of tides, and the growth of all things?"
What am I gonna do? Only the Madam Guardian can help me...
Don't move. Let me have a look...
Hey, you got a problem? If you wanna petition then start queuing. Don't even think about pushing in.
This queue isn't moving, how long are we gonna be here...
...
All injured researchers, please stay where you are. Medical staff will be arriving immediately... Here's an emergency notice.
Praise the Great One!
...The Jade Gate is now opening. On behalf of the Xianzhou Luofu: Welcome, guests from afar. Please proceed to dock in accordance with the guidance...
The world is in Harmony!
...But this made us realize that we are but puppets in your hand!
Madam Hanya! Urgent news from Fyxestroll Garden! The subdued heliobi are stirring again!
Under the banner of the Order, you have defined all things in the Cosmos...
"But after the king's departure, who shall become the new king?"
The dreamscape ██ █ ██ hotel █ ██ under construction. Please ██ █ receive instructions from ho█ service ██ █aff and enter the ███ █ through the designated █ █ ██...
Yeah, tiny. Where are your parents? You didn't go out on your own, did you?
Make him bark, make him bark!
Is it red or blue... did I make a mistake again?
*Yawn* I'm so sleepy. You again? What's up?
...Hello grandpa!
"Those who dance with bees are bound to fall victim to their stings. I have long foreseen my fate, and this moment is inevitable."
Yes, brother Dan Heng!
Aww... He looks really cool in the new limited-edition snapshots~
There is only one way.
Watch your words, no need to be aggressive here...
Hey, what's going on at the dock?
Some of the dock workers got into an argument with the IPC folks.
When did you decide to show up, little miss feisty? How is this any of your business?
We're on the same side after all! Here, this is our latest welcome bundle for new members of the fan club, and I'll toss in an updated version of Master Capote's Life Wiki!
Thanks to those heroes I managed to pull through. Could those guests of the general be the Galaxy Rangers of old?
Two point five. Five!
Lady Bronya! Lady Bronya! Long live Belobog!
...Unless you have found a way to completely destroy the Stellaron.
Listen, snow blankets all of Asdana! The sky trembles, and the earth teeters on the brink of collapse. At the edge of the silver universe, the first buds sprout under the rising sun!
*sigh* I came because I heard there was an auction, but there's nothing I want here.
We need to update Master Capote's Life Wiki! This will be version 12.0 of his life keywords!
Wait a minute... last time he said the most important word in his life was "illumination..."
Wasn't there something about barking like a dog?
What!?
{F#Miss}{M#Mister}, woo? Play with me, woo?
I see the way to the space station, but how do I get there?
Guys, please be very, very careful of those thugs under Gray Bean Paste. We need to take them seriously.
Look — a Silvermane Guard! So cool!
Who dares disrupt my slumber!?
I'm starving...
Wh-Who are you guys?
Adler_ daily
Hinkel_Daily
...
...Attention, please: The unusual event that occurred moments ago was due to a technical malfunction at Clock Studios Theme Park. The Family has promptly responded to secure the area, and we're happy to report that there have been no injuries.
They're so cheap... Hope they're safe to eat.
Oh no! Monsters are coming this way!
I heard there was a disaster in the Divination Commission's delve? I'm surprised you're in the mood to play right now, Qingque.
Hurry up, Qingque! We'll be fossils by the time you're finished.
Come over here, child. It's best to leave that poor lady in peace. Let me explain...
We captured a few devils from the Disciples of Sanctus Medicus. Some of them are already mad, and this one is the maddest.
Look, it's the one and only, Miss March!
Long time no see! Today, weather, great!
The esteemed Miss March!
Hello, hello, hello! Long time no see!
Yes, Madam.
Chat function currently unavailable.
Everything is predetermined.
*yawn*
Heads to the east, ends up west!
Yes, sir!
Command Talisman required for operation...
Do not twist my words!
Beats me! I saw him running out in quite a panic.
Is slander the only language you speak!?
We're doomed... doomed...
Yes, sir!
Aha, and who do we have here? Do you know whose territory this is!?
I just felt there were... enemies all around me. I only felt hatred. I wanted to kill everything in my path...
Qlipoth, give us strength...
Calm down, will you!?
What are we supposed to do...
Er... Is there a Zero-Sugar SoulGlad?
A thousand thanks, kind stranger!
How could you possibly consider this course of action!?
Lady Bailu, I told you to follow my plan — you draw attention when you use your powers... We still have to take care of the matter at hand.
RAAAAWWWWWRRRRR! You look like a tasty morsel! Those who dare to enter here must face a delicious fate!
Stop right there. State your business.
Halt! Who goes there?
Uhh... can I help you? I—I know what it looks like, but I'm using Celestial Jade to... improve the algorithm! I—I'm working, I swear!
I love work. I love overtime. I love work. I love overtime. I love work. I love overtime. I love work. I love overtime.
I support the Supreme Guardian's decision!
Please enter package receipt information.
That move was a token of my appreciation. We were fated to meet this day, and in days to come.
I have delivered the missive about the meeting. Do you have any questions, Master Dan Heng?
Excuse me, you four, what are you hoping to get out of all this?
The line's so long...
That's it... I give up...
Luka — Luka — Luka —
I heard there are some problems on the space station.
My design has been superceded by newer models. My components are no longer valuable.
You aim the lens against the graffiti on the wall. It suddenly implodes as if something is bursting out...
Divination is done for.
There are no variables in this world.
Little miss lady, can't see ahead!
I'd like to know...
...
Yeah, yeah, whatever. Just let the professionals deal with it. Did you finish your work?
Hmph, the quickest way to stir up a pond of stagnant water is to throw in a nuclear bomb from the outside.
Ah, it's you again! I met you before, and I asked you whether you were a researcher last time! My name is...
It's suuuuper boring to be cooped up here all day. Everything here is boring... Um, except for Wubbaboo... and Wendy.
Ruan Mei... *sigh*
Ruan Mei... *sobs* She's abandoned us... *sobs*
Oh, it's you. What can I do for you? We'll have to make it quick. I have a busy schedule, you know.
I'm so sick of this! Why is it so difficult to replace the part?
Are you having trouble seeing? I'm busy fixing this robot, you see?
Oh, it's you! This is great! I've finally found the right person to share my management plan!
It's chaotic and dangerous outside. Here, it's different. You feel safe here, don't you?
750.0
It's been years since I tried one...
Boss, encounter with two unknowns. Want me to take them out? Over.
H—Help! Those people dressed in black are attacking us!
Mom, can I get one, pleeeease!?
Could I pleeease get your autograph?
It's actually her! I can't believe it!
As the last group of contestants, how confident are you in overcoming all of the challenges?
Would you be open to a brief exclusive interview with us? It'll be quick!
Your journey is long and fraught with peril, yet under a sky blanketed by banners, you vie for the crown!
No cheating!
Hey! Miss Black Swan, wait up. Wait up! Miss Sparkle has one final message to announce...
The Sword and Rose! Protect the Beauty! The Beauty, the Beauty! Magnificent and majestic!
...W—Wait! What about our medicine? We've been waiting for ages...
I'm sorry, the Cloud Knights have orders from the master diviner to secure the commission's safety. The area up ahead is temporarily closed.
Passage... prohibited...!
Boss!
You hear the humming of a rhythmic tune. The energetic tune makes you feel proud of your labor.
It has been humming the same tune over and over again, and it starts to grow on you over time.
Understood, Your Honor.
A knight's head is hard as steel! Brother Lan's focus is stubborn as a heel! We don't all have to be winners, but if we don't have fun, we'd all be sinners!
Hey, that's not fair! Get to the back of the line. Ever heard of first come, first served?
Can't see right, can't see left!
I—I really don't know anything!
Good news from the front lines! The Disciples over at Evemist Mansion have been defeated.
Divination has become meaningless.
How tragic! The Aeon with great might...